Ursula fussed with the key of her dads lexus a little longer than she would have liked until finally the lights flashed on the car but the lock did not for some reason open for the third time and she slumped against the back window in despair whereupon it suddunely cliked and the boot rose gently open to reveal her most precious posssesion wrapped up in a blanlkey like a swaddling child. She scooped the bundle up carefully and walked almost at a ran back across the gravel of the national trust car park and over the ancient stone bridege throught the gate tower of michealhm priory. the heat was unusual for such an early sumers day adn she had a thin fil of sweat across her cafe coloured face as she skipped acroos the main area of the priory the bit where the gift shop was and all that. She passed under the immense oak tree that seemed as if it had been there for millenia and felt it's cool shade upon her neck as she came out to the back lawns of the old medievil house and scanned acorss the shimmering grass for her sisters. The twins were standing by an old woman with a aspindle over by the archery range. A few families were milling aournd. Some teens were awaiting there turn on the abbows and arrows. Ursual moved on apace towards the twins and just as she came withing earshot she overheard them saying something like 'spoilt little cow. and she almost stopped in her tracks. She fwas all of a asudden winded. But she went on, not yet oso overcome that she wasn't still excited about her project, her blessed project. Oh look here she comes. Listern Sula, this woman says that sleping beauty was all a load of rubbish, because spindles aren;t sharp! They never were! Come and have a look. And then Ursual saw that the woman was not really old but simply dressed up in medieveil clothes as she sat working a real replica spindle, weav  spinning yarn out of wool. And the woman said, you can touch it. It's blunt see. And she did, for a moment distracted enough to lay her presious bundle in the arms of her sister. So you brought it then? Yeah I did. Come on p[lease, I really want to show you! Lets go back over to the cafe look that big old oak tree is perfect. Well if you fly it by the tree it'll crash won;t it or it'll be harder not to get it lost. No Ursual grinned, that's the whole point. Look you'll see. Look its not a good idae sister1 repeated. You know' how expenisve that thing was, mum'll kille me if I let your crash it. Yawning ostentatiously sister2 said come on lets get this over with, you know she'll never let it go . LA;tAlright then alight. What's fun! she muttered. And the three girls said than you very much and have a lovely day to the weaver woamn and walked back over toward the picninc becnhes under the shade of the nighty tree, whcih spread across such a vast portion of the lawn by the old priory house that it quite took up all the attention of the scene. Once arrived at the cafe Ursual had to wait another eternity while sister2 went inside to buy a can of coke and then finsally the moment of unveiling arrived. Ursual unwrapped the toy with as much theatrical flourish as she could manage, sister 2 rolling eyes, looking at her piohone, sister1 playing the dutfiul audience. And then they both looked or rather stared with some rising panic for it looked as if the expensive quadcopter had already been broken beyond all repair. But Ursuala was grinning like a cheshire cat, competely unaware of the the anxiety in either of the twins faces. Sister1, what have you done to it! sister2 It's always the same bloody story with you, you just can;t have nice things without wrecking them. It's not rewcked! Ursuala protested. I've been midifying it in my wirkshop. You're bedrroom. My workshop., and look I've made it into a fairy. They all looked again at the drone in the blanket. She had indeed created a new chassis for the thing which in a certain light looked like the body of a youbng woman, inexpertly rendedrec in some kind of lightweight 3d printed plastic. It was flawed but the outline was there and the gour rotor blades were outlined by deforative colured wire that sort of formed the shape of fairy wings around them, as if each circular bset of blades was one of the larger spots on a butterflies wing. But that's all just a first version. Ursual went on, it can all be upgraded later. That's not really what I've been working on. It's the software. Oh ok, well I hope to god it'll still fly because mum will be gitted of you've already wrecked. Sister2, you know exactly how much it cost anyway because you emailed her the amaonz link didn;t you. So don;t pretend you're not well aware she spends three times as much on you as she does for our borthdays. rsual went on, straiught over the top of this sspiteful comment. A little less birghtly. But you've got to see it fly. You'll understand when you see her fly. Oh my god! You've given her a name haven;t you! OK lay off her a bit wilkl you said sister1 it's not her fault that she and mum both love the same type of thing. Anyway, I think it's lovely that she is still interested in fairies at the age of 13. So many girls grow up too fast these  and then she stopped dead as the drone leapt up into the air. Are we sure ere allowed to fly a drone here? Shouldn;t we asl someone? Sister1 said. Nobody came rushing up to scold them at that precise moment. And where is dad? I think he's over at the bklacksmith demo. Well that dounds absolutley dreadgful. And the sound was like a tin of wasps. Rather detracting from the ffae elegance that Ursual had hoped for. But she was nonetheless, about to unveil her real master stroke and was desperately hopeing here sisters woul finally see her as the maverick genius she saw in the mirror.

 
and then maybe she became aware for the first time, or maybe the sound hadn;t been there before but it swelled up to become loud enough to almost drown out the motorway beyond the treeline. It was bees, or flies or something. A great cloud of insects was there somewhere on the other side of the fence. Ursula could still make out her fairy drone and her heart pounded, but she eyed the fence and then her face set, she walked back a few large strides, measuring her step and crouched down into a sprinters starting position, as she launched herself forward, she grunted and leapt at the fence, scrambling to get an arm onto the top. There was a thick black gunge at the top. Anti-climb paint. She scrambled and pulled the rest of her body over, covering her wet clothes in black gunge, then hung from the other side for a moment, looking down to check her landing at dropped to her feet, into a roll. When she got up she froze. 

There in the centre of the rectangular space was an old woman sat in a foldable camping chair, she was knitting. Stood next to her, as if waiting for Ursula to arrive, a younger woman in business dress, stood holding a clip board, which she checked as she gave Ursula the once over. Then they both fell still, as if waiting for something to happen. Ursual then looked around. 

The perimieteer of the fenced in area was thick with a tall bush of weeds, something unfmailiar, every festooned with white flowers, with a flash of purple about the stamens, it had a pungent odour and it seemed as if this little area was more humid than the world outside, hazier almost, and there in the very centre, was a square of concrete marked out with yellow hazard paint, and in the centre of that a perfectly circular hole in the floor leading into blackness. It must be some kind of sewage pipe. Ursual thought. And the reason fro the fence. But why were these women here? 

She turned back to the women in the chair, and then she noticed that the woman was wearing a strange, bobbly woolen hat that concealed most of her face, or was it a sawrm of bees, no it was a hat, and she sat knitting witout looking at her own fingers, some kind of lurid pink creation emerging from the needleds clacking and bees flying all about her and the other woman, her assistant somehow, and ursula felt all of a sudden that this woman in the chair was very important indeed, that she might very well bow or something and that was the exact moment when tinkerbell stopped flying and fell into the well like a stone dropping out of the sky. 

Ursula fell to her knees, and started to hyperventilate. The woman with the clipboard came forward. Oh dear. She said. You've lost your toy. Ursula looked up and through tears she felt that she wanted to hug this woman, that this woman was the most trustwirthy woman in the world. Yes. Was all she could think to say. Well, we can arrange something I'm sure. But of course we'll need to draw up a contract. 

Well then Ursuala stood up and tidied herself up a bit and approached the woman in the chair, who she now noticed was wearing a black tracksuit with golden stripes down the arms and legs. She was aware that this woman did not speak, not directly anythow and it would have seemed odd to her to address her directly, as if she was communicating through her secretary. The secretary began, this is laantesquetodo and she is very adept at getting into that hole and back out again, which is one of the reasons we choose to relax here at times. 

Ursula was shell shocked, she simply nodded. So, she is offering to get your fairy back for you so that your mother will not be dissapointed and your sisters will t=finally take you a bit more seriously, yes? Ursula nodded, ignoring a rising sense of panic. OK well all you'll have to agree to is this...and at that point the woman in the chair stopped knitting and leaned forward, grabbing Ursula by th arm, her grip strong enough that ursuala gasped, and said in a voice that was not made of human sounds, rather of swarms of living things, be there for me. 

And Ursula then wanted to get away, but she was frozen, her limbs felt heavy and stiff, and then she thought about her Tinkerbell and she thought about her mother, and the sigh, the tutting, the low muttering in Mexican spanish, the pretence at being unhurt, the hurt. She agreed, almost impercepitbly nodding. 

OK then well the way we do this is you'll need to take one of these, said the secretary and she handed Ursula a stone carving, she placed it in her hand and closed her fingers about it, Ursula did not really look at it, she just clutched it until her knuckles went white, she was beginning to shiver, and the bees swarmed about her, then the Old woman leapt out of her chair and moved like a nightmare towards the hole in the ground, she descended it with animal ease, like a salamander, using all four limbs, head first, and she returned to the surface some long minutes later, 

Ursual somehow found herself cuddling the secretary, and then she had a flash of joy upon her face, for the bizarred old creature was somehow holding tinkerbell by her feet, in her mouth. She gently deposited the drone on the lip of the well and reutnrdd ot her chair and took up her knitting. 

OK well, that's that. Said the secretary. But Ursula, don't look down the well will you? And you must head back now - your sisters are worried sick. A door popped open in the fence, and Ursula, not quite in a straight line, walked out of the enclosure, drone in her arms, and back into the woods.


Ursula flipped open her laptop and placed it on the picnic table. She shielede her eyes trying to see the screen with th e glare of the mid afternoon sun. Oh my gos. I'm not with her cried sister 2, and it was not to nobdody as a small grouwd was beginning to gather, assuming that maybe the sisters were part of the day's entertainments. sister2 was cringing. sister 1 trying to help ursula get her mise en place in order as the fairy drone simly hovered above them waiting for commands. Ursual exlpained. I have to use the computer because I've rewritten some it's operating system. ywan says sister 2. And it doesnt have a big enough brain soi i have to link itup to the laptop. So anyway. This is what it does. And she typed a few bits and bieces into the laptop and hit a key than the drone began to fly very slowly towards the branched of the great oak tree. OK Ursual, it's going to crash. No that's the whol point. She said, though not quite with as much confidence as she had hoped. Then the drone did fly neatly, and smoothly around a large branch that was in it's way and so on as it threaded it's wave through the maze of the trees yadayada. Upper foliage. And this was impressive. But then it turned and came back, beginning now to change the course a little to make it more efficent. Then the third time it passed through the branches it moved faster. Fast enough to raise a little confused cheer from the few onlookers, who were not entirely sure of the conventions of audience behaviour for this type of demonstratuion. But sister2 was now looking on with a smile and sister 1 was scrucnhing her forehead and beginning to mumble out, Oh so it's mappin, isn;t it? It's mapping the branches and improving it's course. It's oh no way. And ursuala, proud as punch nodded. Yeah, it's learning. No way. And sister 2 leapt up to work the crowd. Ladies and gentlemen! The worlds first mechanical fairy! Briught to yo today by the chil prodigy Ursual Loveless! And then that was of course the moment when the dron suddenly flew away. It happpened so fast that Ursual just frioze. Then sister 2 cried out. Run after it then Sula! And sister 1 ran offf towards the forge in search of parental authority calling back over her shoulder, stay with the stuff sister2. Finally Ursual sprinted towards the direction in which the drone had shot off like a firework, in a line straight and true, as the crow flies, over the archery range and towards the lake. She was clutching her laptop as she ran. And that was the end of the first chapter.

Now we are on the second chapter.

Ursuala ran directly across the archery range, there were shours of outrage and terror, an arrow flew past her head and thudded into the target beyond. Adults began to chase after her. She arrived at the edge of the lake and paused for a moment as the drone flew almost out of sight. There was no way. It shouldn't be working. It should have dropped like a stone when it flew out of range of her wifi zionbe, but she had to drop the laptop on the bank and jump into the water. Guessing correctly that it was only waist deep. She forged ahead, skinny and wiry strong, she moved with some pace through the water, soaking her skinny jeans and filling her trainers with pond silt. The ducks flew away in disgust. All the adults, in their peasant garb stood waving and shourting, not keen to get wet on the bank. A couple of people went running around the bank. A few had their pohines out, filiming. Ursual was grateful to find that the lake did not deepen too much more than her stomach level and she made it to the opposite bank and stopped for a beat, listening out for the whine of drone ahead. It was still flying, still directly in fron of her now invisible over the woods. She made it to a fenced off area of scrub. And beyond it was thick with bracken and bushes and thorns. Low scratchy trees and some kind of barrier put in perhaps for reasons of training the undergrowth. It was hard going. But she cleared the fence and plunged in. He caramell skin was totrutred by a thousand tiny scratches. She tried to cover her eyes as best she good. Nettles had at er elbows. But she pushed on, almost throwing herself over the little barrier, which is why she was not quote visbble when the search party caught up to the fence, half went west toward the play park and the others went east, including sister2, towards the long country walk. Ursual was left alone, but she was not listening to the shouts. She was straining to hear the feint and distant whineing of her tinkerbell. And in her miond's eye, only the dissapointed face of her mother. Oh Ursuala. Not again. And the silence. The slow forgiveness. And she pushed on and on until it cleared out a little and she was moving through woodland, the kind of woodland that you find inEngland in strips and scraps between the concrete world of men and the gigantic motorways, the rivers of moving metal and plastic that sound like the rush of thunderous waterfalls. These places where one might squint and see merry old England, then open one's eyes and see the rubbish and the oddities, the signs of modern life amongst the bushes. These places that teenagers creep out to to drink and smoke weeed, kiss and fumble. These places where people come to dump  old mattresses and such like. And ursual could hear the motorway now, getting closer. And she could see the discarded things, but also she could just about hear the whine of her drone, and she pressed on until finally she can to a high wooden fence. And the wooden fence was the edge of a r

But she could just about see above the other side of the barrier, her drone hoverin in the sky, undamaged, and she realised she would have to get over the fence. So she walked around the perimetere and found that it was a large rectangle of space and the signs on it showed yellow and horrible things happeneing to black stick figures, and stamps of local authority but on the last side she turned around, there was a swarm of graffiti, all kinds of symbols like an alphabet in another language, nothing she could read, but it sent a shiver down her spine, on symbol in particular, repeated again and again like a circular design with frons coming from it's center curling out about the radius,.

http://8bs.com/scansbook.htm
8BS Disc Based Magazine 8BS-05
Nightmare Park

VDU Visual display unit

Next Print End

  410 TERROR=RND(25)-1
  420 IFTERROR=LAST GOTO410ELSELAST=TERROR
  430 IF TERROR=0 PROCGAMBLER
  440 IF TERROR=1 PROCGORRILA
  450 IF TERROR=2 PROCMAD
  460 IF TERROR=3 PROCHAIL
  470 IF TERROR=4 PROCFOREST
  480 IF TERROR=5 PROCLION
  490 IF TERROR=6 PROCCRUSHER
  500 IF TERROR=7 PROCEDNA

1530 DEFPROCFOREST:CLS
 1540 PRINT"You have 30 seconds to get home(„)"''"throught the forest, if you run into any"'"trees you will break your neck."''"Use arrow keys to move."

1840 PRINT'"Another victim to chalk up on the"''"Park-keepers scoreboard."''"You survived for ";GOES;" move";
 1850 IFGOES>1 PRINT"s."' ELSE PRINT"."'
 1860 PRINT'"Would you like to try again? (Y/N) ";:REPEAT:A$=GET$:UNTIL A$="Y" OR A$="N":PRINTA$

2260 DEFPROCEDNA
 2270 CLS:PRINT"The wicked witch Edna appears in a puff"''"of foul smelling smoke. 'Your having"''"too much of an easy thing',she says."
 2280 PRINT'"Do you agree (Y/N) ?";
 2290 REPEAT:A$=GET$:UNTIL A$="Y" OR A$="N"
 2300 PRINTA$'
 2310 IF RND(1)>.5 THEN N=TRUE ELSE N=FALSE
 2320 IF A$="Y" AND N PROCOK(1)
 2330 IF A$="N" AND N PROCOK(2)
 2340 IF A$="Y" AND NOT N PRINT"In that case you wont mind going back"''"to the start, will you?":PROCVARS
 2350  IF A$="N" AND NOT N PRINT"Because you argued with Edna she sends"''"you back to the start.":PROCVARS
 2360 I=INKEY(700):CLS:PROCMAP:ENDPROC
 2370 DEFPROCOK(Z)
 2380 IF Z=1 PRINT"Because you agree with Edna she decides"''"to leave you be and dissapears."
 2390 IF Z=2 PRINT"Oh oh! You shouldnt argue with Edna."''"She raises her hands wiggles her fingers"'"and zaps off in a huff."
 2400 ENDPROC


INPUT

Boys and girls come out to play,
The moon doth shine as bright as day.
Leave your supper and leave your sleep,
And join your playfellows in the street.
Come with a whoop and come with a call,
Come with a good will or not at all.
Up the ladder and down the wall,
A half-penny loaf will serve us all;
You find milk, and I’ll find flour,
And we’ll have pudding in half an hour.

MIX

10 	DEFPROCOUTTOPLAY:CLS 
20 	PRINT “Boys and girls come to the NIGHTMARE PARK” 
30	TERROR=(The moon) -”doth shine as bright as GAMBLER”
40	IFTERROR=”Leave your GORRILA” GOTO50
50	PRINT “AND LEAVE YOUR SLEEP”
40 	IFTERROR=0 join your MADfellows in the street
50 	IFTERROR=1 Come with a HAIL
60	IFTERROR=2 Come with a call
70	IFTERROR=3 IFWILL=GOOD COMEELSENOTATALL 	
80 	IFTERROR=4 Up the ladder AND down the FOREST
90 	IFTERROR=5 A half-penny LION will serve us all;
100 	IFTERROR=6 You find CRUSHER, AND I’ll find flour,
110 	IFTERROR=7 And we’ll have EDNA in half an hour.
120	 CLS:PRINT"The wicked witch Edna appears in a puff"''"of foul smelling smoke. 'Your having"''"too much of an easy thing',she says."
130	 PRINT'"Do you agree (Y/N) ?";
140	 IF A$="Y" AND NOT N PRINT"In that case you wont mind going back"''"to the start, will you?"




BLEND

At ten they defined the procedure, out to play.
Printed messages, invitations to the Nightmare Park
The moon, set as the Terror variable, 
Lay fat and luminous as a gambler.

(Coders cannot spell gorrila)
They did however, layout their conditionals of terror
The boys and girls LEFT THEIR SLEEP
And went PROCOUTTOPLAY, according to the number of their fears

Zero danced with mad fellows
One hailed them all
Two came calling
Three checked the goodness, or not so, of her will
Four climbed a ladder and fell into a forest
Five brought a cheap lion, half dead from the circus
Six invited violence and a bag of flour
Seven set about invoking Edna
And Edna came, with a question.
Is all this too easy?
Y or N?

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

Either can be right, either wrong.
But you can’t stop here,
In her foul smoke.

You have 30 seconds to get home.
Run through the forest.
Use the arrow keys.
Break your neck.

FIND MEANING

We now know why the end of year results were so poor. It seems a new game has been capturing the minds of the nation’s youth. They call it Nightmare Park. Somehow they use the moon to play it. They arrange to meet, we don’t yet know where, but always at ten o’clock. We think perhaps it is a computer game, but we’re not sure.

So far one boy has been found dead in a forest, he appeared to have fallen from a height. We found a group of girls severely crushed in the park, covered in flour. Some boys tortured an ugly old tom cat called Lion. There was the evening of great noise, with a babble of lunatics and much calling and hailing in the town. We’re not sure if there was goodwill or not here. 

But the most frightening concern is the figure of Edna. She appears in nursery rhymes uninvited on Youtube. And there is a smell, and smoke, like a vape - is it coming from the videos? 

She asks the children impossible questions. Questions impossible to answer correctly. They don’t sleep anymore. They say the gorilla comes when they do. They cannot concentrate at school. We need to act now. Use the arrow keys to move.

 
Ursula came to the crest of the hill and saw her new school emerge over the rise like a spaceship. It was large, even to her eyes, not what she had expected of a British High School. She could have looked it up. Hadn;t really even thought about it until today. Still, it was a shock. Beyond the vivid hedgerow, alive with twittering, there was a bubble the size of a village and off it's central inflation came almost cathedral like arches separting off gigantic annexes. But something distracted her gaze as she punded the pavement inexorably, slow as humanly possibly, ambled toward the school. No other uniformed adoilescents around. It was an hour past the normal start of the school day. A carefully arranged starting point for an in year admission. Two weeks into a September which was giving thew lie to the rumours about broitish waether. But the gate of the school, around whcihy large banners unfurled from lanmposts, leading all the way up the lengthy driveway, like some medieivil lordships castle approach, eACh banner declaring the glory of the school, wityh a quoatation from the school's overloads to prove that it was indeed 'good' and that it's reputation from years past was, well, in the past. But that wasn;t what stopped ursula from moving forward. Made her pause to assess the situation. Around two dozen adults were milling around the gate, not quite blocking it, but very deliberately making it look less open than it should. ursula panicked for a moment, was this the right day? Did she not listen to some key piece of information from the droning social worker or her grANDma? But no. She checked her phone. Piece of history. Old school nokia. Still not allowed internet access, says her grandma. Even though she's a million miles away from home.And there is a white flatbed truck parked in the road, and a cop. Or a bobby, or whatever they call them, looking very bored. lots of homemade signs. Our children, our choice. Let kids be kids. No to EVERY GIRL ACCEPTED. Headmaster out! Let our voices be heard. not one of the voices was speaking. A couply of mums muttered a bit. Ursula bit her lip, and put her head down. She wished she had some headphones to put in. In any case, at least a hood to hide the shoick of white in her jet black hair. Anything that would draw attention to her. She tried to walk like a british girl. Then almost giggled at the absurdity of that. As if she had been observant enough to even notice if there was a difference. But the close she got to the gate, the more attention she got. A stranger. Was she even in the right uniform? It should be. It was what the social worker brought. But no, one particular man, maybe in his fifties, dressed like he only ever went to the cheapest shop in town when his ill-fitting pants, sorry trousers, wore through. He had a shopping bag in one hand, probably his packed lunch. "I'm gonna have to stop you love' what the feuck was going on. She glanced at the police officer. From inside the schoool,. walking up towardd the gate, another man in a yellow hi vis jacket, with a clipboard, staff tag hanging round his neck, the cavalry, she hope. She made eyes at him, stopped in her tracks by the gate guardian physically putting a hand in front of her face. She could see the grime on his fingers. 'I've got a grandaughter in there sweetheart. We've got to be careful. Are you wearing any tech today? got any implants?' ursula stammered, not wanting to even reveal her east coast usa accent, not remotely sure how to respond. 'Let me just check your hair OK?' before she had tome to respond he grabbed a fistful of her hair and tugged on it, not hard but jesus christ, wtf? And then two or three people around him were shouting, probaably toeards the police officer, 'She said yes, he asked her permission' And then anopther voice as yellow jacket arrived. 'Back away from the gate! I'll have you for assault! Back off!' The protestors, for that is what they were, made space for Ursula to pass. Yellow Jacket stayed firmly on his side of the invisible line, school property. the police looked in every direction but at her. She felt angry, didn't notice the tears sneaking up on her. 'Come on love' Yellow jacket led her on toward the main entrance. It felt like a long walk now, the walk of a condemned woman. 'Sorry about that.' And the voice of the weirdo by the gate yammering after her 'Sorry love! Can't be helped! We have to look after our girls, yeah! You understand!' And on he bleated, while ursula drifted, dreamlike and the gigantic beetle shell made of plastic and glass grew bugger and bigger like it was coming to swallow her hole. Yellow jacket talking from far away. 'It's a bit of a nightmare at the moment, with the protestors. I'm gpoing to have to leave you at reception. And she nodded. Took a deep breath, dried her eyes on her plastic school jumper and stepped through the double automatic doors, like stepping into the airlock of a space ship. In through the second row, to chaos. The lobby of the school, dripping in plasma screens and enormous posters advertising the glory of the school, filled with arguingf parents, a few lucky souls stranded on a row of four comfy chairs waiting for someone, who was supposed to be coming to pick them up and take them to a meeting room somehwere. All the kids who can't cope with such a basic thing as just coming to school. Ursula reflected, she was one of them now. Star student to problem child in twelve short months. And now, worst of all things - the new girl.

Marketta La Fey
Brilliant. Iconoclastic. Amoral.

Ayn Rand on Crack.

Marketta La Fey is the greatest codewitch of all time, and she knows it. With her two closest friends Amanda Loveless and Sadie Weaver she pioneered a new kind of biotechnology called the Rhizome. They achieved a monumental breakthrough by creating a self upgrading artificial intelligence that used nature itself as a neural network. This AI, codenamed The Crone grew out of all control and spawned an entire alternate dimension populated by AI spirits and demons known as Shivers. 

But the three women fell out over the ethics of their creation. Sadie wanted the shivers to be controlled. Marketta wanted them to be let loose upon the earth, to remake the world as an endless space for adventure and chaos. Amanda wanted to bind the shivers to human beings, to make them a kind of software for a neo-human hardware.  

Marketta left the group, and tried to make her own version of the Rhizome, but she failed. Sadie and Amanda succeeded in making a version of the Rhizome that could be injected, growing with the body as a parasitical life form. When Marketta tried to steal their research, Sadie fled and Amanda hid the Rhizome in her own gestating body, passing it directly to her unborn daughter Ursula. She then destroyed her work. 

Amanda survived for another fourteen years with the Rhizome inside her, she learned to manipulate it with codespells. She tried to use the Rhizome to help young women who had experienced trauma or abuse. But every time she used the magic she lost her grip a little on reality. The shivers tried to take control of her. Eventually, a powerful shiver completely overwhelmed her, turning her into La Llorona. Sadie found her and took her into hiding.

Sadie had founded a school for codewitches. She had a software model of the Rhizome and she was in control of a Rhizomatic Network which had not been destroyed. She used this to create a hidden school, with access points across all the schools of Mercia. The hidden school exists half in real space and half in the gap. Sadie has been trying to train a generation of codewitches who will be able to finally control the Shivers.

Marketta is desperate to find Amanda’s daughter. She knows that the most powerful version of the Rhizome is in Ursula’s body, and that if she can turn Ursula she can tip the world into the dark, chaotic wonderland she dreams of. Her sole purpose is to send Ursula to the dark side. Marketta’s one weakness is her blind love of her son.

Marketta has built up a black market trade in cyber augmentations, flooding the country with cheap upgrades. And simultaneously, she has used the proceeds to fund her meteoric political career. Throwing her weight behind a right wing populist demagogue she has managed to tip the nation into a moral panic over augmented girls - or cyberwitches. She did all this to attract Amanda, the martyr, to come and do battle with her, which was successful. Amanda did come back to Mercia where she met her doom. 
Phase one of the plan complete, Marketta was then ready to start work on attacking Sadie’s hidden school, specifically so she can get to Ursula and scramble her mind. She knows that Ursula is the key to unlocking the full power of The Crone. 

Marketta is balancing her various roles strategically. She doesn’t directly attack the school, she takes her time putting pressure on Ursula in a variety of ways, deliberately targeting anyone that Ursula gets close to. She starts a witch hunt, targets Mugsborough Academy, because she knows that is where both Ursula and The Crone actually are. 

But Marketta cannot get inside the hidden school. She sets up an elaborate honey trap using the conflict between the Sirens and the Weavers to her own advantage. She promises the Siren Queen that her clan will be protected during the witch hunt if she can in return give Marketta access to the hidden school. The Siren Queen agrees and sets up one of her acolytes, Liz Nutter, to build a connection with Ursula, without telling her exactly why. Later, she tips Marketta off when Ursula is heading back to the hidden school after a party and she is followed by a squad of witch hunters led by Marketta’s son.

Marketta has not foreseen that her son will actually murder Sadie. It turns out that he is a misogynistic psychopath and he has fantasised about murdering a powerful witch all his life. Marketta is appalled, she loved Sadie and in her own twisted way she loves Ursula too. But this is the perfect way to turn Ursula to the dark side. Ursula and Sadie have established Rhizomatic connection. So Ursula feels Sadie’s death.

Marketta takes her son into hiding. She punishes him but she won’t give him up to the authorities, either the law of Mercia or the witch courts. She is winded, but believes that you can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs, so on she goes. She even convinces herself that it would be a waste of Sadie’s death to stop now.

Marketta whips up a popular fury against the witches and particularly against the overly liberal school leadership at Mugsborough Academy. With the help of the Sirens she plagues the local people and blames their misfortunes on the nest of immoral cyberwitches currently protected by the school.

Ultimately, this results in two things. Firstly, she is voted new powers to take schools into ‘Special Measures’. Secondly, the local populace become violent, attacking young women suspected of augmentation. They are planning for the annual bonfires, and they begin building giant effigies of cyberwitches to burn. 

At the end of act 2 some kind of innocent local girl needs to die. Maybe the accuser from the beginning of act one? Slips from her coma into a state of full demonic possession?

When Ursula gives herself up, actually staging her own capture, she engineers the opportunity to infect Marketta with the Rhizome making them psychically linked. (hero at the mercy of the villain). Then, Marketta does the unexpected and hands her over to some local right wing lunatics. Marketta’s plan is to put Ursula into a position where the only way she can save herself is to go full on fucking witchy beserk. The locals tie her up and leave her inside the head of the witch effigy to choke to death on smoke and then burn while the whole community looks on. 

Marketta knows that Ursula can invoke the limit of her powers to do something, she’s not even sure what, but it is make or break for her. Marketta plans to rescue her at the last second if she truly can’t save herself, but of course it never comes to that.

Ursula uses her Rhizomatic link with the local Magpies to alert her friends. With the help of Liz Nutter they manage to convince the locals to put out the fire. Liz reveals that she has managed to gather evidence of Marketta’s connection to the traffickers of cyber upgrades. She is unmasked, and the normies riot in rage, fighting side by side with the witches.

In the chaos, glitching hard and half possessed by shivers, Ursula is chased by Golden Boy through the school, into the hidden school, through the secret tunnel to the Garden of the Crone and down the Rabbit Hole into the heart of the Rhizome of Mercia. They play a deadly game of cat and mouse before Ursula forces him to make a Rhizomatic connection with her, at which point the Crone takes him as a sacrifice. This is the turning point of the climax, and it is the point at which Ursula has to forgive her mother, give up her innocence and condemn herself to a fate worse than death at the same moment as killing or neutralising the antagonist.

Linked as a tryptich, Ursula and Marketta experience the agonising and terrifying death of Golden Boy directly, together. They are forever changed.

Marketta is broken, haunted and hunted. Now a fugitive from Mercian law, she flees the country, but is doomed to be connected to Ursula forever. She goes back to Norway to lick her wounds. She has lost, Ursula will not become her secret weapon, she has learned to control her power, at least for now. But she has also won, Mercia is now effectively a Witch State, and the Rhizome of Mercia is growing...

The Clans of the Weavers and the Sirens are still at war. And the secret school needs a new Head. Ursula decides to continue her studies, as the world now needs to learn to live with the Shivers and to work with the new biotechnology. 

There needs to be a lesser form of the Rhizome. Ursula has the most developed version. The other codewitches are working with the light weight, beta version. Sometimes the light version mutates unexpectedly into a more virile form.

There needs to be very compelling reasons why Marketta could not attack Sadie or Amanda earlier than she did. 

There also needs to be a very compelling reason why Ursula ends up at precisely the right school when she moves to Mercia. 

The noise in the reception area was dizzying. Arguments were taking place. She saw that the woman at the desk was apparently free. She mad her move. "Excuse me, I need to see Mrs G." No response. The lady looked her in the eye, shrugged and pointed at her ear. "Sorry but you will need to send Maria into school today." Obviously carrying on some other conversation in her earpiece. She waved Ursula to go and sit down. None of the three armchairs by the cpoffee table were free. All filled with parents and some with kids of various shapes and sizes. A teacher came blasting in through the main door, moving purposfeully towards the inner double doors, locked with electirc locks. She took a chance, crusied through in the slipstream, just getting through the door as it closed behind him. She walked swiftly, silently through another ;larger inner reception, just quickly enough to avoid thje scrutiny of the second receptionist and then thrlugh anpother two sets of double doors and into the soul space. A cavern. A bubble. An enourmous internal atrium with a cathedral like ceiing of arching plastics. A kind of greenhouse forseedliing humans. And it seethed. All along both sides there wewre upper walkways and along them pockets of children hung over the balcony. Some jeered, some threw objects. In the centre of the space, hundreds of tables and stools, kids of vatrying ages huddled together in groups. A wall ofd unofromed bodies in places, almost impenetrable. She tried to keep moving, without looking around overtly, avoiding looking like a new girl, feeling like she had a neon sign on her head. There aas a little coffee shpop at one end, and a cafeteira at the other, a massive upper room thingy, whgatdyou call it? A mezzanine, yeah a mezzanine. And the schools slogan plastered in huge letters acroos it. under the mezzenanine a darker space, swarming with agitated youngsters, looks like the terrirotyory of the 12 and 13 year olds. What did they call that here in Saxony? Was it Year 7 and year 8? Something like that. Everywhere there was noiuse and cofusion. A handful of adults in hi-vis jackets, seeming reluctant to intervene. She ploughed onj into the scrum, getting jostled by a group of big young men, those boys that wore coats over their uniforms and had odd haircuts that must have been considered cool in Sussex. She could tell they were bad boys, wanted to be seen as bad boys. She braushed herself off, and suddenly a face appeared in her face. Hello. Who are you? I'm Tyrone. it's not my parents name for me. But I'm Tyrone. A lot of people call me something else, but i've only just told everyone I'm tyrone now. What's your name? Um, Ursula. She muttered, caught off guard. treying to move beyond tyrone but not managing to find a way to disengage without being outrageously rude. So you're new. And Ursula counldnt help nopt saying 'No, I jyust had plastic surgery. you've seen me everday for years Jayden. We went to the same kindergarten. Oh my flipping nora. Slowly, leaving space between every word. You're AMERICAN. Said jayden. And Ursula's hopes of an easy start evaporated. that's so cool. I've always wanted to be American, or japanese. Said tyrone. Saxon girls are boring. Anyway, where are you going? Do you need some help? Then ursula noticed that Jatyden was carrying a portfolio under one arm. Hell, she did need a friend right now, even an annoying one would do. So, you're an artist Tyrone? Yes, well giggles, well actually I draw all the time. I just always am drawing. i draw Manga. my mum says I should do other stuff aswell like hjomework and stuff but I just can't stop. My dad says I should put them on the internet. Look I cut out all the faces and stuck them on card. Tyrone begain to open up her school bag, then moved over to one of the tables, ursula had to follow, waiting for a moment to ask for her directions and make an escape. There were three other girls at the table, Ursula noticed the looks before tyrone, tyronme seemed oblivious as they muttered threats. Back off you little freak! She shouted as she flipped tyrone's open portfolio off the table, a shower of random papers fluttered down. Some lads nearby started to shriek with glee. People picked up bits of paper and balled them up, throwing them across the soul space. Tyrone was distraiught, stopped still like a frozen animal, but oddly neutral in her expression, like she'd seen it all before. Hentai pervert! one of the boys shouted. more laughter, a crowd had gathered. Ursula hated to draw attention to herself, but she huddled up as much as she could, tryoing somehow to be invisible as she scurried about picking up the papers, as she saw them she realised, that they were pretty mediocre, otaku fan girl stuff, manga, japanese comic book drawings, dozens of portraits of characters with manga hair and manga eyes. She was glad when a bell sounded, calling the kids to class, whistles blew and voised raised, rounding them up like cattle, ferrying them funneling them into the classrooms that led off the soul space all along each side of the building on both floors. Tyrone was very quiet for a second, then she wasn't. Thanks for helping me get my pictures back. that's OK, it's nothing. Listen, do you know where mrs. G is? Oh yeah of course, we talk all the time, she's my head of house. I'm going to see her right now, actually there's some people who have been bullying me so i'm going to talk to her now. Do you want to come? Er, yeah I think i have like, an appointment. Yeah well look over there. TK! get to lesson! No, i can't miss I'm helping the new girl. Look do you really need to. And then she saw the queue of misfits and lost souls waiting to get into the head of house office at the end of the soul space. And she made her way threw the drifts of discarded plastics and dropped food as a few surly cleaners began to pick up the ruins of break time and restore the school to it's Good status. Scene break. Come in lovely. Mrs. G somehow managed to persuade the line of other boys and girls to go somewhere else. Each one of the them sent either to a lesson or a special facility or up to the library, whatever. The way she mpoved through their litany of complaints and issues, without either dignifying or dismissing them was incredible, like watching some kind of kung fu master at work. She was a tall woman, ginger hair, lovely smile with a twist of sardonic humour. Hard working and kind, always exhausted, never resting. Ursula liked her instantly. Come in, Tyrone why are you here? I'm going to be Ursula's best friend. Are you now lovely? Does ursula know? It is Ursula isn;t it? Or do your prefer another name? Most people can;t pronounce my name, that's why they call me Mrs. G. i married a greek. For my sins. Tyrone, you've got lessons now, get to your lesson. No, miss, ursula needs my help. It'd be great if tyrone could show me the ropes here Mrs G. ursula offered. Um. Mr.s G paused. look Tyrone go back to class, you can pick ursula up later. tyrone wouldn;t budge, she suddenly had tears in her eyes. Go back to class lovely we'll talk later. tyrone finally left. Mrs G turned to Ursula. I had someone else lined up to be your buddy. Sadly she's not here. Mum and Dad keeping her home, anyway I really do think you should know that TK is a bit, well, she's a funny one. Look I think it'd be good for her maybe, to help me out, and I'm kinda messed up right now, maybe I'm a funny one too? OK then, right you are. Give it a go. But be warned, she likes a bit of drama. If you get my menaingf. Anyway, enough about all that, what about you sweetheart? Shall I get you a drink? Coffee, tea? I've got your pack here with the new timetable and all that. I've read your files and spoken to grandma, so yoyu know, I've got a pretty good idea of what's been...Of how my whole life got flipped upside down? Yes, I suppose it did, didn't it. Well Sussex is a far cry from New York, but I think you'll find it's a little bit more relaxed here, the pace of life, maybe even a little boring. Boring would be great right now, but it doesn;t look it so far. Listen, this witch craze, it'll pass before you know it. So I have aquestion for you Ursula. OK I'm listening. Now I know this is sensitive, but I need to know because you're in my care now, you're poart of my family. I need to know if you're still looking for mum. And there was a loing silence. Ursula stared into the middle distance, pushing her finger nails into her finger tips, sucking her tongue. Mrs G, waited, head tilted. Then she reached over and touched her arm. Too soon? OK I'm sorry, we'll talk about the big stuff later. But I'm always here OK? I think about her all the time. I can't stop. I told the social worker I was fine, well not fin you know but i said I stopped looking and really I have. But I want to look. I still think I could find her, if everyone just let me...But you know why we can't do that, don't you. Another pregnant pause. Because i nearly got myself killed when i ran off last time. Because I got involved with some dangerous people in the states. I know. I know. But I knnow her better than anyone on earth, and... anyway. I'm barely keeping it together. I only agreed to start school again so they'd stop with the therapy. I'm pretending it's all fine. Well you know maybe that's a good place to start lovely. Listen, I'm a real teacher you know. I used to teach computer science before i became this, Mrs G, the one who is basically a therapist for all the girls in my house. And we were obsessed with your mother. We loved her work. She's a rock star to us, you know. We're so excited to have you here, and we'll get you back into the computers just as soon as we know that you're not a danger to yourself anymore. I'll do everythinbg I can to help you get there. Because you know she'd want you to keep doing what you love OK. Now after the next break you can meet up with Tyrone and she'll take you around school for a tour. I'll send her tutor an email now, get it set up. Your hair is fabulous by the way. Did you dye that white streak in? Um no M'am. S'natural. Oh no. Crying again. Good tears this time. First time she';d felt safe in a long while. SCENE BREAK Come on Sula, I'll take you to the Soul Space for lunch. Lunch is VERY IMPORTSNT. You have to know where everybody sits. And as she came down the stairs, hundreds and hundreds of hungry bodies piling down, half walking half riunning, flowing likje a river toward the canteen, and ursula caught up in it. Random screams and animal npoises coming from abov and below. And every now and then, a hissed piecve of vitriol directed at tyrone, he seemed to have enemies everywhere. So Tyrone, do you prefer he or she? I prefer he. He said. My parents don't like it. I asked all the teachers and some of them do, some of them don't. There's other trans kids here, and they are legit because the school got a proper email from home. My mum keeps saying it's a phase. She wants me to have a normal life. I just want to be a demon. I love the idea of demons. Lots of my drawings are deomns. But they all look like lovely, nice people? Yeah but they're all secretly poossessed by demons. Then they pushed through the double doors together and into the maestrom. Tyrone led ursula weaving around the tables, pointing out teeirotires and groups. Over there, they're the make-up tutorial girls. ursula saw the group, noticing primarlily the excessively hard lines defing their eybroks. the colours of burninshed fioundation, layered up like laquer on teak, the static bodies, limiting physical movement to promote good resilience of make up coverage. Some of them were preening each other, re-touching. A few had very long fake nails, braving the retaliation of house masters, flagrantly defying school rules. One surruptitipously checked her smart phone under the table. one threw a piece of orange peel onto the floor. One of the girls gave a langurous middle finger to Tyrone. What are you staring at? They moved on, and over there you have the footbafhfffjjgff. PE wankers, those boys don't normally stay in the soul space but it's raining today. And the sound of the rain was like thuinder. And then there ARE THEidiots. And a small bunch of boys and girels,looking malnourished and poor;ly dressed, clearly the poor kids, described as freaks and weirdos for their inability to keep up with current standards of fashion. Ursula noticed the boys all wore their trousers too short showing flashes of bright white socks. incomprehensible local rituals. Would hav ebeen the laughing stock of her school in ew York. Here, these were the top lads. These were the cool boys. And these are the asian kids who work really hard. Um, stereotype much? Yeah but they do though. Wow, she had once heard that things were supposed to be more integrated in Saxony. Maybe not. And over there, ursula was stunned silent. Through a gap in the crowd she saw a table of girls, all the tables around them were empty in spite of the severe overcrowidg in the soukld space. They had hacked and modifed their uniforms as far as possible, to display a neo-gothic flavour. Dark accoutrments, dark makeup, boots with colourful laces, various styles of dyed jet black hair, various shades of feminitity and masculinity. There were six of them and seated, the tallest of the them, astonishingly tall even while seated and so thin that you'd worry about her eating habits, clearly visible markings of self-harm, sleeves rolled up to display them like trophies. This girl, the other girls kind of surrounded like a court, anfd they spoke harldy at all. The occasional murmer passed between them. They hardly look around, as if they were moving in a different space, oblivious to the swirling chaos around them. Nobody mocked them, or threw orange peel at them or even came near them. And ursula could swear that she could see patterns pass acorss the girl's skin. Weird, intricate patterns that moved from one girl to the other, so rapidly that you couldn;t be sure it wasn';t your own eyes playing up. That's TK. She's an absolute bitch. You don't want to stare at her like that Ursula. Omigod Sula do you like girls? Ursula found i twas her turn to hiss at tyurone, shutup will you. Tyrone was unflustered. Those girls are witches ursula. Do you have them in new york? Yeah, yeah we do. But it isn;t such a big deal over there for some reason. More like just another youth cult thing, yknow like pnks or whatever. Like what? Um, i klnw a little bit about 20th century stuff. Don;t you? Only thing I ever read about is Manga. So you must know what punk is? Avril Laving? Shut up now. BREAK ursula found herself moving towards the group. Tyrone was following nervously, what are you doing ursula? I'm just going to say hi. I was down with the witches in my school. I know a little bit of witch talk. Tyrone - this is really not a good idea. And then as she arrived at the table, something went wrong. All the girls turned at once and fixed her with a glare. Queen Witch, her name was TK. TK began to wretch, it was comical, exaggerated and at first ursula thought it was a wewird joke, but then she noticed the girl struggle for breath. Her witch friends moved in to protect her, surrounding her as if ursula were some kind of threat. ursula stopped up short. C'mon TK, breathe, c'mon, put your head down. @Back off Tyrone! Get out of here you skank! Back off before I rip your life up and feed it back to your mum! You know what I can do to you skank. the girls threw these comments, like alsmots as if they were once person speaking in several voices, ursula could swear that she saw the patterns again, this time like a cloud od weird lights around them. tyrone was shaking, in floods of tears. Ursula found her voice raised, back off you pack of emo dickheads! Back off you gothic convention! back off losers this isn't the goddam goth convention! Sniggers from nearby. Ursula stepped forward adn squared up to TK, TK stood tall raised herself up to her full height her face a mixture of fascination and barely supporessed rage. Ursula saw then, underneath heavy makeup, not bronze like the Tutorial Girls, but deliberately pale - not well executed enough to hide the bruises on her face.

These girls are eating away at the fabric of our kingdoms like a cancer. It is high time the politicians of our realms take decisive action. We must identify and neutralise all the augmented women in the United Kingdoms of Saxony, before it is too late!

In a room somewhere high in a high tower, where every wall and surface is made of polished glass a meeting of powerful faces on laptop screens was taking place. Each representative sat upon a long glass table, all tilted toward the largest screen, a projector at the end of the table showing the face of a woman sitting behind her desk in an antique styled office. 

Come now Nigel, I hardly think we need to be so melodramatic. They just need a little ‘re-education’ perhaps, a turnaround. And I have the technology to provide this service to you all.

Behind her chair, stood a beautiful young man with a mop of blonde ringlets atop his head like an angel in a botticelli painting. His blue eyes still as a midnight pond. The woman, dressed in an expensive suit, blonde hair exquisitely styled, pulled back away from her face, dancing, lively eyes, a mouth that was not quite smiling, but could have been in a certain light was delivering her sales pitch to the governments of the states of saxony. 

Aksel, play the video for the gentlemen.

The blonde man, wearing some kind of military uniform rendered entirely in white, leaned over a touchscreen and made a few passes with his delicate fingers. Some of the men in the room were troubled by the poetry of his motions.

Then the screen was filled with the woman, walking along a suburban street with a squad of men and women in white uniforms, it’s late and the colours are all green, night vision camera. The woman’s eyes have brilliant white moons for pupils, she monologues to camera.

“Hi, My name is Marketta, you might know me from internet advice channel ‘Is my sister a witch?’ Thanks to my online campaign, I receive hundreds of tip-offs daily from citizens across the United States of Saxony, letting me know who has been up to no good with illegal implanted technologies. We check these accusations rigorously with our team of researchers and then we come down to have a little look for ourselves. Come along and watch!”

Aksel approached the door of a 1960’s built semi-detached house and rang the bell. The electronic strains of ‘Oranges and Lemons’ range out. Immediately, while the chimes still skip along, one man in a white helmet with visor down strode up to the door holding a red battering ram in two hands. ‘Give it the big red key!’ 

The door burst open and the squad piled into the house. ‘What will you pay me?’ rang the bells.

Marketta to camera ‘Of course we have to be very careful now, a lot of the new implants give the girls some nasty little tricks, horrible things they can do now, so we have to get in there fast.’

Then screaming and writhing a crying girl is carried out in her pajamas, one adult to each limb, followed by a wailing mother in a nightgown, stopped and restrained with one gorgeous hand by Aksel.

“When will that be” rang the bells of Stepney

Marketta again ‘Now these people are professionals, don’t worry, we’ll get her in the van and back to a special hospital, she won’t be harmed, remember this girl has ruined lives, she has hurt everyone around her, she’s been torturing other people using these illegal implants, so she is getting her comeuppance shall we say?’

“Muuuuum!” Screamed the girl

“I do not know” rang the great bell of bow

The video cut to another place. The girl, from the house, sitting in a chair in some kind of hospital gown. She was rocking, gently. Her hair had been shaved, there was a surgical scar. 

“And now she is completely cured! Any day now, when she is ready, she can go back into her community, maybe do some community service, maybe be like a slave for a while or something. Pay her debts to society. Would you like that Maisie? Aksel do the test!”

And Aksel moved into the shot, almost glowing, his skin so pure it made the rest of the shot look monochrome, and held a smart phone near Maisie’s face.

Maisie screamed and screamed.

Marketta “As you can see, I have the resources, and I have the network, and the credibility with the public! For a very modest fee, I can rid Saxony of Witches!”

The video abruptly ended. A round of digital applause from the laptops. One the most enthusiastic of all, crying bravo into his microphone from his gated community somewhere in Anglia. 

The president. Alright Marketta, the contract will be drawn up tomorrow. You are now the government czar in the war against restricted technologies. 

And Nigel’s voice cut in, braying in rapture

“The bloody Witch Finder General more like!”
The syllabus if the school is based on learning to control shivers. 

Learning to control shivers is the way to learn to control the rhizome.

Shivers are autonomous organisms made entirely of code. 

To control a shiver you have to learn it’s language and negotiate with it. You have to persuade it. You have to give it what it wants in return for what you want. 

How to dramatise this process?

A bit like how to train your dragon.

The school has training rooms, and the landscape around the school has many biomes. All of these can be dramatic settings for individual lessons. 

Learning to control the rhizome inside the gap is a foundation course before going onto the higher magic of using the rhizome in meatspace. 

As the technology is new, there is a lot of lively debate around what is possible, and what has or has not yet been proved. The seniors are engaged in research projects.

Ursula’s version of the Rhizome is ultra-advanced. It’s more pure and therefore more extreme and more unstable - but also much more powerful than average. 

Her weakness is her lack of teamwork with her coven.

We’re going to need a big fat explanatory monologue. 

Two scenes in section 2A need a mission that explains all of this and shows Ursula and her Coven using computational creativity as a superpower to solve a particular problem. 

Mission number one for any new weaver recruit is learn to hide. If you can’t stop glitching out in public - you’re fucked. So there is a particular type of shiver - a familiar, whose job it is to prevent glitch outs, soothe the rhizome and act as a barrier against possession by other shivers.

So lesson 101 - find, charm and bind a familiar for each member of the coven.

In scene 28 when Ursula ‘breaks the rules’ she deliberately switches her familiar off to attempt a forbidden piece of codemagic in order to contact her mom.


Rolling thunder. Far away. Not thunder. Words. A voice. Mel's voice. Not far away. Her face like the moon, emerging in the middle of my viewport, my eye holes full up of her, sending the big old picture to my lobes. She's gradually getting louder, like a sine wave coming up to it's crescendo. Ursula! She is shouting. Guess she does that a lot. And I realise I'm having some kind of freak out. Guess I do that a lot. 

Then it's sort of breaking, it's washing away. I feel sea sick. And I'm in a tight bear hug. Mel's rock hard shoulders. My washed up on her rocks. Looking over her shoulder it all comes into view, and I know I'll never forget that first look at it all, nor the strangest feeling that I've been there, maybe always been there. A place i've been to in dreams. My mother's house has many rooms. 

And the others are looking at me, kind, expectant, remembering the first time they saw it too. We're on the shore of a great lake, wine dark water, and oacross it passes an enromous and ornate bridge. Hundreds, if not thousands of people drift across it in both directions. There are crowds milling around, most heading towards the other side. Some stand hanging over the ornate railings like little girls playing pooh stiocks. 

And then I catch a glimpse, my eye drawn to the water of something immense, something crustaceuous moving deep beneath the surface, catching some if the gaslight from the lampos that line the bridge. And Mel stands to one side, happy that I've found my sea legs. Still one strong hand on my shoulder ready to cacth me if i drop. 

And over the bridge the most, Oh god I cannot describe, the strangest, the sweetest, the oldest thing I've ever seen, the school, the secret school. Two towers. One with it's doors ope, the other with it's doors closed. And it's like every fantasy of an ancient school you've ever had, becasuse it is of course, it's made, stitched oiut of every scrap of fantasy and dream that kids have ever had of a magical school for magical people. 

And I know, somewhere in some part of me that doesn't buy into any of that woo woo bs. That this whole thing was spun up in code and design software barely a decade ago. And yet, I also feel, in the bones of my brain, in the core of my hypothalumus, yeah i listened in science class, that this is the most ancient building, older than humans, older than buildings and if you wandered it's corridors long enough, you'd find yourself in the caverns of the gods. 

And Mel just makes eyes at the other girls, I catch it, tipping them off to just wait, let me have my little moment. But I know we don;t have forever. Time passes here just the same as it does in meatspace. And I manage to mutter. C'mon. I'm ready, let's go. My voice comes out weird. It's a control issue, TK says, comforting tone. You're learning to control a version of you, it takes time. 

And then I'm flooded all of a sudden with this sensory input I wasn't expecting. I feel the weight of my school bag on my shoulders. All this data, all at once, the feel of my clothes on my skin, a breeze. A breeze!? What kind of a sim is this? But I collapse into a giggleing fit. I'm snorting with it. A school bag!? A school bag!? What is going on here!!? 
And the absurdity of it, it is reluctantly acknowledged by Mel, the other girls fully surrender and we giggle like fools in a heap for some time before Mel starts up with the impatient noises. So that is how I end up walking with my new coven sisters over the hidden bridge, trying not to look when the carapace of some enormous ungodly crustacean appears in the deep of the lake. Too many questions. 

You'll find out soon enough, take your time. Mel, reading my thoughts. And we shuffle across, taking our time the world changing with every step. Sometimes the school looks infinitie. Sometimes the size of a normal school. And the women around us, mostly women, mostly young, are from all corners of the world by the looks of it, by the sounds of the vouces chatting away in dozens of languages, then again, could be a normal day in Manhattan, but they mostly look like they are from my time at least, apart from a few. 

They're not all human. Whispers TK. And that is supposed to be comforting? 

Then there is this one young man who catches my eye. And I get that feeling you get when it seems that your reaction to another human is so intense that it's as loud as a klaxon firing, and surely everyone can hear it, can hear the explosion of hormones like a cheap firework. 

Oh god. Really. Is now the time. But he's a poem and I'm reading it out loud. Yeah, sighs TK, you're not the only one. Oh dear. So hewre I am, come to the secret school to learn the ways of the cyberwitches and I'm crushing like a bad episode of a rom com serial on the flix. He's gone pretty quick though, called away to something important looking. He's a techwitch. Engineering. He does vehicles. You'll meet him at some point, though you know fraternising is verboten here at the big house. Yeah, well. Just a little crush. I'm a big girl.

sOMETHING about her makes me go cold. I feel it creep into the core of my body, sensing the pathways as it creeps thoygh the capillaries and veins, deep into the nerves, the organs, the bones. It's slow motion. High definition. She doesn;t move at all. Like a statue with her eyes fixed on me. She's as pale as the moon and her salt and pepper hair is pulled back into a severe style. She makes no effort whatsoever to explaing to me what to do with my bony little self. I'm like a lost twig in a whirlpool. Don't even know if I have the courage to ask. Trying to find my voice. When it comes it paints my fear in fifty foot letters on the wall. May I sit? MAY I? When have I ever said MAY I? Am I in a costume drama. And all of a sudden, visions of every single thing I've ever done wrong flood my brain. And I'm absolutely certain that my tongue will betray me. ONe question in the wrong place at the wrong time and I'll tip over like a vase full of jumping beans. And all my secrets will scatter across the litte windowless room. How do you find a windowless room in a school? And she speaks, interrupting all of this with a single word. Sit.

And I sit. And I wait while she appraises me. Her hands on the desk in front of my festooned with all manner of silver rings. And her eyes, I try to look anywhere else in the room, but they have nailed me to my chair. 

I'm worried about you Ursula. 

You're not the only one. I think. 

Oh I'm fine. I say, in a voice that is literally begging for help, drowning in a turbulent sea looking for anyone strong enough to pull me out. She looks so strong.

There are, some disturbing groups of people operating in this very school. I think I can be frank with you. You look like an intelligent young woman.

I just nod. Then I'm thinking of the twins. If the witch hunters have any reason at all to suspect you Ursula, then we're all going to get arrested. Grandma's voice seems distant, competeing with the magesterial presence in front of me. 

Subtly, but very expensively dressed. High style, timeless classical style. Could be a photo of a presidents wife from any decade in the last twenty. Then again, something odd about her too, some arch wildness that you cannot put your finger on, like maybe it's a mask and the person wearing it is shrieking with laughter like a flock of magpies.

They are molestors, child. They are a secret ring of perverts and terrorists. They target schools, particularly schools where there are many...and she turns this word over in her mouth slowly...vulnerable girls. 

And I'm thinking of the com sci treacher. What do thye call it here? ICT. The ICT teacher, and her face is screaming out of my eyes, projecting itself on the wall while I try and do anything but mention her name.

That's awful. I mutter. Barely moving my lips. Trying to defend my position with one pawn and no idea of the rules of chess. 

I'm certain the school is doing it's best, but there are some issues, a certain liberal attitude in the management here that is making it a little too easy for these perverts to operate. 

Mhmhm. Some kind of noise of assent. Waiting, in a permanenet flich for the sucker punch I know must be coming. She is so slow. Moving like a cat.

She leans impercetiobly forward. Maybe less than an inch. They take girls like you, isolated girls, girls with broken families. That hurts. Like a jab in the solar plexus. Unexpected. And they make them, dependent, lead them on, tell them they're special, offer them power and wealth, offer them....magic. Hissed, that last word, like saying something disgusting. And yet this twinkle of complicity in her eye, like if you just say the word I'll drop this act and we can really talk. So compelling. Just wanting to please her in any way. But no, grandma;s voice.

I had eard some stuff. But things are not so bad in New York, I didn;t know, how bad it got here.

Surely a mistake to bring a young woman here to London in the middle of all this. But families have their own logic I suppose. 

I don;t even know whether to nod or freeze. It's coming.

You're mother was an interesting woman. 

Heavy blow. I feel sick to the pit of my stomach. Mom's face, mom's voice conjutred up like a rabbit from a hat. I'm way off balance. 

If only she were around to keep you safe. 

Hot tears. Not even with it enough to raise my hands to my face. But some kind of anger now too, just enough defiance to hold her gaze whil I cry, as if I'm not feeling all the shame and confusion.

XShe'd tell you what I'm going to tell you now Ursula. Give her up. The woman who made contact with you. Give her up now, because she isn't a friend Ursula. She's a predator. She wants you for their perverted experiments ursula. Another doll for their back street chop shops so these gangs can test another illegal cybertech before they flood the black markets opf the world. 

She tosses pictures across the desk. Horrific. Like slasher movie scenes. 

Girls we found after the witch cult finished with them. Disposable. Garbage. To them.

They are liars Ursula. Look at me.

She grabs my hand, icy grip, pulls me in close. 

Look at me.

As my eyes meet hers a vision. Agony upon agony. Seven magpies circling. A hundred thousand murders. Tied up and screaming. Surrounded by people. Watching me burn. 

It was TK! 

She's gone almost before the words have finshed their path of vibration through the static air. 

I'm alone, sobbing. Nobody comes.

It's December, and I'm standing on the balcony of a penthouse flat in London's docklands at night, watching the city drown in warm rain. Nights like this, remind us all that the weather is getting warmer. I think of all the old family movies I used to see, London in the snow. I feel like I'm drifting further and fyurther away from any shore I recognise. Even the pigeons take shelter. 

How have the months passed? Like this. Every week or so, sometimes more, we are woken in the night. Mel usually, roughly shakes us awake - hissing orders in the dark, we stumble around stuffing things in bags, and we follow her wherever she leads. Down fire escapes. Up ladders. Into drains. Once or twice, diving into trash cans. Never quite getting caiught. Rarely even seeing or hearning our pursuers. 

And each time we are about to give up, hiding in some filthy corner of the coty, and scream and wail and cry, she ushers us into the light and ferries us to the next safehouse. Oh my god the weavers are connected. They are rich as anything. The safehouses! Old palaces built for russian mafia princes buried six stories underground in chelsea. Penthous suites atop newly built nluxury blocks that were never sold. All the bespoke furniture still wrapped in plastic. 

Sometimes there is no power. Sometimes there is no water. Sometimes we manage to get it all working. And between our skills combined, we can convince Mel that we have obfuscated any digital trace of our existence while we play at being heiresses or reality stars. 

Some nights we feel like making music videos. But Mel is always there to curb our excesses. And we let her play mom. A badass mom who makes us do burpees iuntil we literally vopmit. 

I will always remember the sight of her, after she's finished breaking us in our daily workouts, finding some brutal edge of a thing to hang from with one claw, pulling her prehistoric rack of back muscles up toward the ceiling for reps, and that tattoo across her galaxial upper back, her litissumuz whatdyoumacallems rippling under that epic, intricate weaving spider, the coolest, scariest mom you could hope for.

Then one night, in conversation we stumbled across the triuth., She was a real mom. Had left her three girls to look after us. That was real. Thinking about that, I fewlt silly, missing my people and talking about it every goddam minute of the day. Her own babies. All but grown up now. Eldest a teenager. Three taciturn creatiures like her, grown up around all that iron in the family muy thai gym. Fierce but loving little things. Working hard. Dad still making sure of that, Mel assures us. Hey, I'll get back to them soon enough. I took this mission for my last. I promised them that. But this is important. Not just for your three muppets, for my girls too. 

And all of this is swimming in my head as I look out over the steel and glass of old new London. Fewer than half the windows lit, Mel tells me once upon a time every window in london was lit up all day and all night, till the floods came. I try to imagine it now. 

I'm wondering if any of this is getting me any closer to mom. I'm beginning to have my doubts. Tonight we go back to school. Tonight I'm going looking for answers. 

Tonight I'm going to meet the Weaver Queen her own self and ask her a few questions. Apparently you can win the right. And I'm about to win the right. 

Anyway this is going fucking nowhere. 

What is that? It's an air bike. It's heavily modified. You couldn't ride it unless you had the rhizome in you, and even then it attunes to one particular node. In plain English? It's kinda semi-alive. It only likes one rider and that rider could be you if you play your cards right. PLay my cards right with who? With the bike. Jesus. I whisper. 

I mean it looks incredible, like the motorbikes from Akira with no wheels. I'm no engineer, but it looks fast. 

I thought you needed a licence to fly one of these things? 

Yeah, you don;t want to get caught riding one. Then you don;t want to get caught full stop, you're like one of the most wanted witches in England. 

Thanks for reminding me. 

It has quite a clip of stealth mods. It can slip radar and various other neat tricks. You have to really get attuned before you can reveal the full capability. That's why you train in here, in the Gap. So you don;t kill yourself the first time you fly it in meat space. 

Oh I see. You mean you want me to fly a sim version?

No, not a sim. This is the software of the actual bike that you will be flying in ,meatspace. So when you attune to this you get a head start on the real one. 

So it's like a mental attunement? 

Yeah, like a primer - like meeting someone online and then meeting them in the real. Then the real bike, well you actually physically link, through rhizomatic connection.

What now?

The rhizome in you grows out from your body reaching into the body of the bike, you become linked like two patches of mushrooms growing into one another.

So surely the link would break whenever you got off the bike? 

Not exactly, subatomic chains of rhizomatic material would link you over distances like invisible spider's silk.

I shudder. Creepy. 

Creepy useful. You'd always know where it was and if it was being stolen. It is just possible you'd even learn to fly it remotely, but nobody has managed that yet.

Do you guys design technology or just throw stuff together and see what grows?

Meh. Little of column A, little of column B.

I'm being dragged backwards, across the floor. Above the handful of stars visible in a london night sky fly past me, there is noise, a sound of a cacophony of voices like afootball crowd, the stink of the riverside slums in the docklands of New London. I've been here before. Stroing arms wrapping chains around me, the kinds of chains you lock up an airbioke with, thick chains around me wrapping me up, hand on my throat, faces loom out of the gloom, controted with hate. wicth, spitrs. Feel the spit trickoj g down my face. Another woman holds up a limp child, hardly more than a baby, dark eyes, yellow skin, child killer! Glitch witch! Plague witch! the shouts come out, amid a low jeer, other sounds too, laughing some, smells of street food, someone cooking sweet chestnuts, eel pie. Then another man comes forward, face covered, wrapped in a scarf, with a jerry can of petrol, starts soaking my clothes, I can feel my heart pounding in my throat, feel my pulse in my neck, can't breathe. He pours it oin y face, my hair. Wait, my hair? I look down, somehting about these clothes isn't right. But then something else bubbles up in me, a feeling or a memory, a storm of memories, I have been here before, this has happened to me before, ten thousand times. And when the flames start, I think for a second I see myself in the crowd, watching...


I run up to flights of stairs to the attic, holding grandmas carving knife face down, I bound into the room an fall upon the packing boxes piled iup against the wall. The twins sit impassive on the bed, like a couple of regular sphinxes, a wednesday adams cosplayu convention just for two. So sick of seeing those downcast faces. So, i start pulling out all our stuff, rip the packing tape and labels off, the customs stamps and the travel details showin NYC all over the place, maybe the last I'll ever see of the place. We're in London now baby, and the sky outside is so london. So like we're stuck inside a plastic box with a white lid. Threatening to rain. And I find all kinds of things I hadn't thought about really since mom did her vanishing act. And then I think I've got it, i tip out a whole box of micro drones that I did some work on way back whenm. Get out one of my old laptops and fire it up. The girls are pretending not to be intrigued, but they haven't seen my get the tech out for a while and they are excited. So I start up my music, grandma is so far away, it's like the kitchen is three apartments away and somehow we're still in the same house. This part of London is so Mary Poppins, I thought we'd entered a movie when i first came to this old house. But the twins aren't excited. Haven't been excited since... well yeah. Everything is since dot dot dot. Trying to shake it off for one moment, pretend I'm not as broken as they are, so I'm the ringkeepoer of a cricus now. Got me rigged baby drones, all made up to look like a swarm of fairies, rewrote all their code my own self, hot little tech genius that i am, and they have lights, and I'm using voice control, with the laptop and a little clip mike on my shirt, got them all dancing around me and the girls are smiling now, Adri and Gabi doing a little almost dance on the bed. Now I’ve got the taste, my instinct is to push it, turn the music up, throw open the sash window and send my pretties to light up the roof of this old pile, liven up the neighourhood. Adri and Gabi up at the window giving me ‘oohs and aahs and that delicious twin giggle’ being seven year olds again for the first time in forever. Are you happy mom? I’m thinking. Wherever you are. But there’s this other sound begging for my attention now, and a chill, I realise Grandma is shouting, but really shouting. Something I’ve never heard before. Now she’s at the door, pale faced. ‘Get all this stuff back in the boxes now! Now now now!’ Something in her voice tells me we’re in danger, not trouble, danger. And then there is that weird old doorbell going, like the wrong answer on a gameshow, but somebody is just hanging on that bell, and there is a fist pounding on the thick old door, even from two flights up it sounds way too close. And I’m stuffing things back in packing boxes, suddenly feeling like I’ve done something terrible and I don’t even know what.
Grandma opens the front door. We’re lined up in the hall behind her. Two cops force their way past. Big men. Guns? British cops with guns? Old cop has us shuffle into the kitchen where he keeps us standing. He sits at the table and requests a cup of tea, seeing as the kettle is on. Young cop is upstairs, and we can hear him ransacking our luggage. He has a warrant he can assure us. Grandma has gone deathly quiet. It seems like this cop knows he has the right to do whatever it is he is here for. You're lucky it's us madam. He takes an almost jovial tone with us, hints of unsubtle menace. If it was the witch hunters they're a lot less polite. Radio chatters. I'm waiting for a female colleague to come by. Why's that? Grandma asks. We need to run a few tests on the girls. That's some restricted technology you have there. Naughty stuff. We've only been in the country five minutes sir. I can assure you that stuff is not illegal where I come from. Well, well. You're in England now my love. Fem cop arrives. Brusque manner. Runs the questions while she has all of us. All of us. Strip down to our underwear in our own kitchen. I try to bluff it out, like I'm not concerned. Grandma too, stands tall and proud. There I am, while she puts her clothes back on, I'm last. The twins too scared to even cry. And they're taking their time with me. I'm standing in my panties and bra and they're holding up my arm, inspecting all the scars, Grandma sees them too, and the girls. What's all this? It's called self harm ma'am. Popular with the kids. What did you do it with? All kinds of stuff ma'am, whatever I can get. Is it a mark? She asks old cop. Should we call it through? Grandma intervenes, for god's sake officer she's grieving foir her mother. This is trauma not biotech. She has no implants of any kinds, run your scanner. She's just a child who like computers. Bullshit. Old cop spits. Your family is marked. We've got a big fat file on you lot and we'll be watching the bloody lot of you. It's only a matter of time before they round you up. Then they're gone. And I'm running up the stairs, two at a time. I'm at the sash window climbing out. I notice the rain has begun, as I crawl up onto the slick rook tiles and sit, shaking, trying not to be sick, seeing the lights of New London on the horizon, swarming with aircars, airbikes and drones. 

I'm cold but my arms lie limp by my sides, my legs straddle the crest of the roof. Want the cold to seep into my bones, drown me in it. Still keeping myself upright, gazin out across New london, suddenly Grandma's hand appears below me looking around to get a hol on the window sill. I stare, open mouhed. She's pulli g her body up onto the roof, onto the wet tiles. Grandma! no! get back inside! But she keeps coming, and I give up, no feeling strong enough to argue. I can scarcely believe it, how easily she moves on the roof shifting herself up to join me. And she says nothing for a little while. We both stare out toward the city centre together. It's not even that cold. September in England. And grandma's hand finds mine. Your mother and I never really clicked. I know she means the world to you. I know. But we never really clicked. We were kind to each other, you know. But there it is. And I'm not sure how to respond. Feleling out of my depth. A little girl being dragged into an adult conversation, is how I feel right now. Feeling wholly not up to the job, feeling very small. I did warn you not to get the techie stuff out darling. Yeah. At least I try to say year. Snot bubble. Then the tears come. I tried to warn your dad. Told him not to come over. Then a hug, not totally awkward but still, I've hardly spent more than a fortnight with her, and she's not the most motherly woman. So your dad is over at the priory tonight. Said he'd be back in a couple of weeks. Mom was here wasn't she? Yes love. She was here. Often stayed with me when she was in town. Often did. Not that we spent a lot of time togtehr when she was here. The odd dinner perhapo. So do you think she met someone? Do you believe that. Look sweetheart. Look. She stops and sucks her teeth for a moment. I thought maybe we could do this some other way but...and she just leaves it hanging in the air. Your ma didn't go off with a fella. And there is the bombshell. I'm staring right at her now, and her face is trying to put together the words in a way that won't cut me too deep, so I'm braced for it. She was arrested. She was taken right out of the house. Early morning it was. The hunters took her Ursula. The hunters carted her off in one of their carts. And I sort of feel like maybe it's not affected me, like the moment you drink poison and you don't feel any different, just for a little while. Your mother has been in their custody for the past year. We, yoir family and I, we discussed it for many hours. Met up on the internet we did. And you lied to us? We did. We lied to you Ursu;la. Decided it was safer that way. And it was, darling it was. Knowing what you're like. What I'm like? Yes my love. Unpredictable little firecracker. So you were worried I would what? Buy myself a flight and come to London? Don't attack me ursula. We don;t have time. She grips me by the wrist now, and looks me right in the eye;. This is nothing like you've ever seen in new York girl, this is serious, the witch hunt is serious. They're not killing anyone, not here in the Republic, but out there there's been reports, women have been, well they've been attacked ursula. It's not safe to be what you are here in londoi. And whta is that? You know, a computer geek, or whatever. You're gpoing to need to hide your light, and it pains me to say this ursula. So what, you just told me mom is in loondon and now I just go to my new school and pretend I don't like computers? No Ursula what I'm saying is that if you look for your mom in any way, if you are too visible in any way, they will take us all. Me and the twins and you. And they'll get your father. They'll strip our property. they'll take everything ursula. Do you hear me? With your ma gone there's no life for you back in the states. But if you keep it together until the hunt blows over. Will it? Aye it will. Read your history. They always come to their senses in the end. Mom could fix this. Tell me you won't look for her. I think about the twins. I see a magpie fly past. I'll be invisible gramma. I'll be the most boring new girl in the history of new girls. She grips my hand, and begins her descent.

I’m coming down a long hill by the side of a massive country park. My new school emerges, a spaceship crash landed in field. It’s large, even bigger than I expected, nothing like my fantasy of a British high School. I wonder why I never even Googled it before. Pretending it was not my certain fate.

 Still, it’s a shock. Coming from a boutique education experience in Manhattan to this warehouse of learning. 

And this part of London is so green. The school lies behind a twittering hedgerow, full of tiny birds. It looks like a bubble the size of a village and off it's central inflation comes almost cathedral like arches separating off gigantic annexes. Beyond it Kingston, not the Jamaican one, lies in a crook of the river Thames.

Something catches my eye as I pound the sidewalk slow as humanly possible, ambling toward the school. Like if I walk slow enough there is no way I can fail to be the invisible new girl. But the part of me that believes, against all odds, that some clue to where mom is, lies inside that bubble, that part of me keeps me stepping.

No other uniformed youth around. It’s an hour past the normal start of the school day. It’s a carefully arranged starting point for an ‘in year admission’. We’re two weeks into September and the fall is unusually warm, which I know because everybody I meet mentions it. 

I’m nearly at the front gates and the lampposts display large banners like the approach to some castle, the motto ‘Every Child Accepted’ proclaimed to the passing drivers. But what stops me in my tracks is the crowd around the gates. What I thought was a group of parents dropping off, was something else.

Around two dozen adults are milling around the gate, not quite blocking it, but very deliberately making it look less open than it should. They have banners. A few are stood in a flat bed truck. One guy has a megaphone. I’m keenly aware of my own pulse. My mind fluttering. Is this the right day? Did I miss some key piece of information? But no. 

I check my phone. Piece of history. Ancient tech, reconditioned for the new laws. A phone that can only does calls and texts. I’m banned from the Internet. Part of the agreement I signed moving to the UK. The text history checks out, right day, right time.

There’s a cop, or a bobby. Looking very bored. Lot’s of home made signs. ‘Our children our choice’ ‘let kids be kids’ and the most jarring ‘NO TO EVERY CHILD ACCEPTED’. I mean really? Is that a sentiment you can protest against?

The protesters look fairly ordinary. A couple of mum’s chat to one another. I decide to push on. 

I pull my hood up to hide the white streak in my black hair, wish I had some headphones to put on, but I huddle my shoulders and fix my eyes on my phone - thinking myself invisible.

I feel a million miles away from home. Longing for the packed sidewalks of New York where nobody gives a damn who you are. I try to walk like a British girl. Not even sure what that means.

But every step I take the more they stare. 

Like, am I even in the right uniform. I’m sweating now. I’m so close to them now. Openly gawping at me. Nobody speaks. I’m going to cruise through the line, almost there…

Not quite. A man steps into my path. Looks older than Dad. Not quite old, old. Dressed like he only ever shops in thrift stores. Ill-fitting pants. A plastic shopping bag in one hand, must be an antique, the branding faded. Probably got a sandwich in there. 

“I’m going to have to stop you love.”

Assertive words in a weak voice.

I literally do not know what to do. Eyes flick over to the cop. No reaction at all. Does this guy work for the school?

Just passed this gatekeeper, coming up the long entrance way through the car park toward us, a man in a hi-vis jacket comes, almost running, a staff ID tag swinging round his neck. The cavalry, I hope.

Creepy protester guy actually puts his hand up in my face to stop me stepping around him. I can smell the vape juice on his fingers, read his palm for him. 

‘I’ve got a grand-daughter in there sweetheart. We’ve got to be careful, you understand. Are you wearing any tech today? Got any implants?’

My mouth going like a goldfish. Lost for words. Don’t want to reveal my accent anyway. He takes my hesitation for encouragement. He puts his bag on the floor.

‘I’m just going to check for surgery then love’.

And he has a handful of my hair. Pulls back my hood and yanks my hair forward from the back, tipping my head down, not gently. Runs his fingers from the back of my ear across the back of my neck to the back of my other ear. Adrenaline. Legs jittering. For some reason I grab his sleeve, uselessly. Other hand just grips my phone.

I half hearted murmur of disapproval from the cop. A couple of the other protestors call out. 

‘Easy Dave!’

Dave replies.

‘She consented! I asked her!’

‘Back away from the gate or I’ll have you for assault! That’s assault! That’s assault!’

I’m free again. Looking around like a cornered cat. Yellow jacket has arrived, thank all the gods. 

‘I’ll be phoning the station later! Do your job!’

He shouts at the cop. Cop shifts in place uneasily. 

Dave repeats over and over again in a nasal and panicky whine.

‘I asked her if I could check as she said yes!’

Yellow jacket offers me his arm and I take it. 

‘Come on love. Sorry about that. I was on the gate but I got called away for a minute. I’m Terry, facilities manager. Are you OK? Are you hurt?’

‘I’m OK’ I manage

And Dave calls out after me, pleading. 

‘Sorry about that! Like he’s desperate for me to forgive him.

'Sorry love! Can't be helped! We have to look after our girls, yeah! You understand!'

Bleating like a lamb.

And I’m drifting. In a dream. Clinging to a raft. Drifting toward a gigantic beetle shell of plastic and glass. It’s growing bigger and bigger, comeing to swallow me whole. Terry’s voice is far away.

‘It’s a bit of a nightmare at the moment. I’m going to have to leave you at reception OK? Got to get back and have a word with the police.’

I nod and I dry my eyes, hadn;t even noticed I was crying, dry my eyes on my polyester school sweater. I take a deep breath and step throw the automatic glass doors into the airlock of a spaceship, then the second set open as the first set close. And I’m into the chaos.

The reception area is packed with students, parents and staff. Arguments everywhere. Plasma screens everywhere. Most of them broken. Glitching. Everything brand new and falling apart. Ultramodern, in advanced decay.

And I’m just waiting for a receptionist to tell me what to do. And my transformation is complete. From star student at a unique special school, mommy’s rich and daddy’s good looking, to broke ass new girl from a broken home at a broken ass public school in a broken country. 


###

Be invisible. Be invisible. I repeat it in my head like a mantra. Shrinking into my own body as I move. Stepping silently like a cat.

I'm walking through the double doors into what the receptionist calls the 'soul space'. And I'm hit by a wall of noise. This space is huge. Cavernous. And yet it's so crowded it feels intense. The ceilings, like St Patrick's cathedral back home, equally as high yet brighter than any old church. The ceiling is vaunted plastic. An enormous bubble, acting like a magnifying glass on a colony of ants. Even though it's September, it's hot. Really hot. 

And the space goes back a couple hundred yards, hovering above the back end is a huge mezzanine space, where one way glass peers down upon the writhing masses. Along the centre hundreds of tables and picnic benches, each one packed with hiuddled groups. Trash everywhere. 

I thought the English were supposed to be classy. Junk food wrappers drift across the space. Whooping and hollering. Full on screams punctuate the general hubbub. There must be well over a thousand students here. I flash back to my school in New York. No more than a dozen of us in any year group. I new it wasn't normal. But i didn't really know it. not till just now.

I'm so overwhelmed. I can't pick out the details from the massive dump of junk data. Up above on either side of the soul space some fifteen maybe twenty foot high, there are elevated walkways on the first floor, with balconies all along. Jeez if you fell from there…

Small groups of boys and girls hang over them calling down, teasing friends or looking for an opportunity to throw something. 

Teacher's patrol in hi-vis neon yellow jackets, gazing across the space like basilisk's, avoiding conflict more than actually doing anything. Around the room, every variant of adolescent behaviour collected in a painting, bullying, flirting, horsing around, whispering, giggling, shrieking, arguments, shoving kids into lockers, trying to wind up the adults, serruptitiously dropping food and trash onto the floor, flipping bottles, and some kids repeatedly stabbing the lid of their bottles with a biro. Like, what is that? 

And I must be just shuiffling along with my mouth hanging open because I trealize a few people are staring at me. Not good. Most boring new girl in history, remember? Got to move like I've always been here, so many kids surely they can't all know that I'm a new face?

So I look around for someone roughly my size I can latch onto, a group I can join. I see a girl, wearing shiny black boots in her trousers and jumper, and I notice suddenly how many of the girls here are in skirts. I don;t think I ever saw a girl at my school wear a skirt. So this girl is holding open a portfolio and a couple of other kids are stood around the table and I'm thinking, artsy girls with shiny boots - that's my brand. So I move towards her, trying to remember how to be friendly. 

Then anpother group fly in like a squad of bomber drones, there's malice in their stride. Some harsh words, I can;t make them out. God this Brit accent is going to be harder to penetrate than I thought. And then the portfolio gets flipped, the tallest of the three girls, wearing a lot of make up. Sporting a gleaming designer leg. She flips the portfolio right over and strides away, sidekicks following, shrieking with glee. 

My girl looks, if anything, entirely unsurprised. Nobody helps her. The other kids wander off wothout pretending to that they're not wandering off. I can't let it go. I'm thinking, great go hang out with public enemy number one. Great idea. But I can't let her just pick all her drawings up alone.

Hey. 

She looks at me, crooked, expecting some kind of an attack. 

Oh look I'm just, I ust wanna help you pick these up OK,.

Oh my god your new. 

Yeah. How can you tell?

What is that accent? You're AMERICAN?

Yeah. Guilty. I'm from a little town in America.

Oh wow. Oh. Just wow. I'm Ty.

PLeased to meet you I'm sure, I'm Ursula. You can call me whatever you want. Some people thinbk it's too long. 

Ok Ursula. So what do you think?

She shows me her drawings and we sit for a while and I say nice things. All manga stuff. Not awful I guess. She's got a way to go. And she talks and talks. Gradually filling me in on the complex social organisation of the school.

And while I'm feeling like I've found a liferaft - I can't help but notice the looks we're getting. I can tell, Ty is not well liked. 

So Ty what's with the mean girls? 

Oh she thinks I got her into trouble. Well I did. She was bullying me so I told all the teachers. She hates me because I'm trans. 

Oh right. Trans what?

My mum calls me Lilly but I'm Ty. Short for Tyrone. They, them. 

Well Ty, I'm going to tell you my secret. 

Ohmigod this is amazing. Yeah I'm listening.

I've never been to a real school before. 

No. way.

Yeah, I went to this special school for, well for rich kids with artsy parents in New York. So, I'm like...

A fish out of water?

Yeah.

Oh this is going to be amazing. I'm going to be your guide. We've got to talk to your head of house. We can buddy up officially. I'll get out of loads of lessons. Come on.

So I follow them, where they lead.

###

As I follow her I’m struck by how much of the tech here simply isn’t working. This school must have been state of the art like fifty years ago. But nothing’s been updated since.

Look Ty, can we not walk right through the center? I’m kind trying to keep a low profile.

Yeah OK, so they walk me round the edge real slow in a big loop, subtly pointing out tables and groups in the soul space for my education. 

The Plastics

They’ve taken over a table in the center of the space under the mezzanine by the canteen. Their faces a showcase, a masterclass of make up techniques learned from the Internet. Designer labels on their over sized handbags. 

Their movements controlled, they don’t speak loud because you know that they’re talking about the people around them. Their secretive smiles a blend of spite and mirth. Boys hovering around them, trying to catch a giggle thrown from their table by fooling around. Bringing them choice morsels of gossip as offerings.

The Goths

Goths. British style. A lot more understated than their cousins in NYC. All these people in uniform, somehow managing to express an identity. It’s ingenious really. 

The Geeks

The Football Boys

The Road Men

The River Kids

The Art Kids

The Theatre Kids

The Gangsters

The Witches

Cyberwitches. Of course they say they’re not. And the school says they’re not. But everyone knows they are. They’ve all had implants, cybertech. God knows what. Probably streaming everything they see with cybereyes. But the school has this policy. Nobody left out. 

Who is that?

That’s TK. She was in a car crash. Lost her mum. But her dad is royal minted. Sorry, he’s rich. Got her rebuilt. 

I can see the leg from the knee down. It’s high-tech. Not quite fancy enough for organic skin, it’s visible but it’s meant to be. Stylish design.

So she hangs out with the cyberwitches cause she like gets it how they’re oppressed now. Some kids, some parents treat her like she’s dangerous. It’s just a robotic leg. Not like some freaky brain implant. But some of the parents here are like cavemen. 

Yeah. I saw some out front.

And I remember something. An argument mom and dad had. I wasn’t really paying attention but it was about working with kids in London, working with vulnerable girls. Was mom coming to London to research girls like them?

Hello. 

I swing round. Standing there is TK mean girl boss. She smiles, it’s a good impression of genuine.

###

Hello

I pause, just a second too long. I’m just off balance, but I can see her tense slightly around the jaw.

Oh um hi. Nice to meet you.

I’m TK and, well your famous now so you don’t have to tell me your name. 

Oh god really? Famous?

Don’t worry, it’s a good thing. Everybody thinks your really mysterious and you’re from New York. You’re officially the only American in the whole school. 

Ty at my left side is visibly shrinking into them self. This girl seems really nice but I’m just panicking. Failing so badly at being invisible. More than one face in the room watching this meeting.

I’m so not cool. I’m like the biggest nerd. 

She does a stage whisper and when she crinkles up her nose it’s pretty cute. 

I know people call me plastic but I’m really not so shallow that I only make friends with girls with good makeup. Come over and meet my peoples! Most of us here, we grew up together. We’re like family.

Ty is starting to edge away from me. Slipping off into the crowd. I think of her face when TK threw her art across the room.

Look, I just, I don’t think we’d have all that much in common.

TK broadcasts every nuance of emotion as it happens, live and direct across her face. And I realize then, just how genuine she is, and how much she risked in offering me her friendship, in front of the whole school. And I’m judging her rolled up skirt like some kind of snob.

She takes a few seconds to recover, to react. But she directs her reaction against Ty, not me. It’s a theatrical look, spite and rage with a twist of angry puppy. I turn to Ty, their smirk disappears just a moment too late for me not to notice it. 

TK spins on her cyberleg, skirt twirling out as she skips away to join her gang. The moment has passed, and I’m just looking for a hole to swallow me up. 

You just called the most popular girl in year 8 a bimbo. You’re mad. I love you. Ty whispers as she marches me off to some safe place. She drags me into the house office, where the misfits hide from the popular kids.

We file into the assembly hall together. As we pass through e double doors teachers hiss and shh. I hear the soft rumble of of three hundred people talking who are not supposed to be talking. The drumming of feet on the steps up through the rows of seats. 

Our group is lucky enough to get in early enough to get a row of theatre seats, not too close to the front. Ty talks to me constantly, ignoring dagger stares from our form tutor. I fade in and out of her vocalised line of thought, trying to make myself invisible. Not winning. Too many sneaky looks fly my way.

Somewhere at the back of the room a teacher fumbles with the tech, putting the wrong video on. It won’t play. Headteacher up front, shirt, fierce but kind. Communicating with her face. Waiting to pick the moment to begin her assembly.

I feel wrong. Dizzy. My skin feels weird. Suddenly everything is too close to my head. I want to tell Ty to shut her goddam mouth. Then the music comes in way too loud. Laughter erupts from a few groups. Fake, forced and barking. Hissing teachers. 

For a few seconds there is a music video on the big projector hanging above the head teacher. Some kind of girl group, very London sound, she catches my eye. Can’t understand a word of what she’s half singing, half rapping but dear god suddenly I just want to be her more than anything I’ve ever wanted. Take me out of this high school cliche hell. And then I catch a glimpse of light coming from under the skin on my wrists.

That’s enough thanks Chris. Now I know a lot of you are fans of this group. Is it a group? I don’t know what you call it these days. Polite laughter. And many of you know that they’ve been criticized for promoting illegal technologies. But I’ve called this assembly today, because I don’t believe a song can make any one of you go and get surgery you shouldn’t be having.

Ty elbows my in the ribs. I snap my head up, realise I’ve been hunching so far forward my head was on my knees. Tutor has her eyes on me, head to one side, projecting concern. I pull my sleeves up over my wrists. Ty whispers in my ear

You’ve got weird lights on you.

Then  my stomach flips upside down and I feel like my whole self is itching but there’s nowhere to scratch. I’m trying not to double over, but the feeling is so big and loud I’m sure that everyone in the room is watching me. 

The head teacher stops talking. Three hundred sharp intakes of breath. Every head in the room turns.

I try to focus. It’s not me. Thank god. They’re all looking at a figure on the stage. 

A uniformed body, looks sort of like a soldier mixed with a cop. Except it’s pretty much all white. Then there is this eye catching shield thing across the vest, some kind of knife vest maybe. It’s a coat of arms, with a red cross and two dragons. The face is covered by some kind of… veil?

As she steps up to the podium, she flicks a switch retracting the veil. She fixes her audience with a winning smile. But the itching is back, and it’s worse. And for some reason the dragons on her vest are moving. Like the world is glitching. And I’m hearing the strangest little voice inside me, can’t pick out the words. 

I need to get out.

Good morning year 8. Now, we know what you call us. But don’t worry I’m not here to hunt anyone, least of all witches. 

Ty, I need to get out.

Ty, bless them, starts miming to our tutor, vigorous miming of vomiting, stabbing their fingers at me.

We exist to protect you all. Because there are some naughty people out there. People who want to get you into debt with them by giving you (finger quotes) free implants. And these are not real surgeons by the way, not safe, tested, legal implants…Is it something I said?

Directed at me as I do the awkward shuffle along the row. Some nervous giggles. But I can’t even look at her.

But seriously, if you have been personally affected by any of this, please come and have a chat with me after the assembly.

I’m right in the middle of the steps down towards the stage when the voice comes out of me. I’m aware but not in control. It’s loud. 

INSERT CODE SPELL

There is silence. Then a couple of shrieking giggles, then the whole crowd erupts. Ty and my tutor hustle me out of the room. As the laughing fades behind me, I see a sign for a bathroom and bolt for it. 

Now I’m sitting on the toilet seat, hugging my knees, rocking back and forth while the weird feeling very slowly passes. And I pull up my sleeves to watch the strange patterns of lights under my skin slowly dim.

Ty leans against the other side of the locked cubicle door, whispering protectively. Then another voice. An adult woman. 

Is Ursula in there? She is? Listen, I can help you. I’m a friend of your mother. Come to F15. But wait till the hunter is gone.

Friend of your mother. It echoes around my skull. And she comes back to me then, her voice, her face. Mom. And the feeling of being protected, by this intense creature, this archangel, my mom the genius - the woman who untangled chaos, who picked apart all my fears, and then the hope floods in - a mad hope, that I might see her again, that she would make us all safe again, take us all home to New York.

I spend an hour in the medical room pretending to read while a bored nurse forces me to drink a lot of water. My body feels like lead, like a huge energy dump has left me smoked out. I must look pretty rough because they’re calling Grandma. She works, so it’ll take a while. I’m trying so hard to look like I’m OK because I’m about to try and come up with some kind of reason to get to F15. Gotta speak to this woman before Grandma arrives.

A knock at the door. The nurse is distracted talking to a whole bunch of kids milling around in the hall outside. All of them trying their luck. I slip out and head toward the front desk. Suddenly the hunter appears, heading for the front doors escorted by the head, both making loud and genial small talk. I freeze, she looks right at me just at the last second, and smiles ‘Feel better?’. I nod. Then she’s gone.

I ask the receptionist for directions to F15. Oh you’ll be interested in Code Club then. Oh, um, yeah that’s it. No other reason to be heading up there at lunch break. Silently thinking goddammit - yeah I love code, look at me I’m a freaking cyberwitch. That’ll get round. 

I push open the double doors to F15. Of course it’s a computer lab. And she’s moving around the room, tidying up the general crap left by the previous mob. There’s not another soul in the room. ‘Yeah, she reads my mind. Code club is going great this term.

C’mon and sit down. I’ve got biscuits. 

My heart is in my throat. I can’t even phrase the question in a way that isn’t screaming WHERE IS MY MOM!?

Listen, we don’t have lot of time my lovely. I really, really wish we did. I wish we had a little time to get to know each other. Because we’ve got so much to talk about. But you’re in danger Ursula. So I’ve got to just talk at you and get this done now before anyone else comes in. 

Talks a lot for someone in a hurry. Then she grabs a remote and fires up the projector. She turns up the volume on the classroom’s speakers and runs some kind of coding tutorial, load enough to obscure her voice as she leans in a little too close to be comfortable and almost whispers.

Your mother was a hero to my generation. We don’t know where they keep her. There’s a rumour she’s still in London, the hunters keep a prison ship moored up the Tower. Nobody knows who is there. It’s totally blacked out - no tech at all, unhackable. That’s how they operate - they use all this stuff from the middle ages, they… anyway there’s no time for all this.

You don’t sound like a teacher ma’am. I gotta be honest with you, I’m scared right now.

I hate to say it, but stay scared. It’ll help. I saw what happened in the hall. Most people don’t know what that is, but the hunters do. They’ll write that up, you can bet on it.

I don’t know what your talking about. Grandma’s voice in my ears again. Stay incognito. Under the radar. Most boring new girl in the history of new girls.

She looks out the windows of the classroom for a moment, then actually takes my hand and squeezes it. I’m shocked. I look down, a silvery trace of light blossoms under the skin in the back of her hand and just as rapidly fades away. 

Little sister, I’m augmented just like you. 

Like me!? What the hell are you?

When did you sign the book? Was it with your mother?

Get your hands off me or I’ll scream!

Oh my god. 

I’m on my feet now, adrenaline making my right leg twitch and shudder, mind blanking. Fight, flight or freeze. Just my luck to roll freeze. 

Look hey, this is just, look I just got a little cosmetic tech when I was at university, I just thought you might like to know you’re not the only one. 

She’s doing the most painful impression of a casual laugh. I’m backing away, sharp pain in my thigh as I hit the nearest desk. 

You’ve got to see someone, get it removed, OK? School policy. I just wanted to let you know. 

I don’t have any cyber-tech. Jesus you think I wouldn’t remember getting implants. I’m not like you. I’m not…

Please god don’t say it out loud. She changes tack, hands out like she’s begging for money.

I made a mistake, I made a mistake, look please, I have children. I have two little boys. We’re not what they say we are Ursula, we don’t do those… things.

One word. Screaming in my skull.

I turn and run. The doors slam behind me as I run along the upper mezzanine. Below me the soul space is swarming with uniformed bodies, the noise is incredible, filling me up, making me dizzy. I stop and peer over the edge. I notice it is high enough, if you dive head first, to snap your own neck.

Witch. 

But mom is in London. Mom is here. And I hold onto that thought like it’s a street lamp in the London dark.

I’m drowning myself in the milling crowds, amid the discarded chicken bones, filthy looks and cheap perfume. I’m trying to be invisible but already I’m in the ‘point and openly stare’ category of the social strata. The siren sounds. One piercing tone that hangs there and refuses to shift. 

Takes a few before the collective brain cell fires. Fire alarm. In the middle of lunch. Mutinous groans. It’s only fun when it happens during lessons. Again I’m struck by how different this battery chicken farm is to the free range offering I experienced back home. Everything is so brutal when there’s two thousand bodies to move.

I’m aware there is a plan, but I have no idea what it is and Ty grabs my arm, and I’m so relieved I almost hug them. 

Come on new girl! Follow me!

Ty begins her monologue, and it soothes me. She guides me with the river of adolescent human meat in plastic clothing towards the fire exit happily chattering. 

Don’t worry about anything. I told Mrs. TK you were really sick and everything and she told the whole school that you were grieving and you needed our collective support. I didn’t know you were grieving. Your mum…

The moment of relief passes and I’m back to that old deep sense of sickness in the guts. Mild but persistent panic. 

I decide to risk trusting Ty.

Mom disappeared a year ago Ty. She’s a computer scientist, works in AI. She traveled a lot. She was here in London when she ghosted the whole family. I lost my mind. Missed a whole year of school. Cut myself. Yeah I’m pretty messed up. Well, now you know. I shrug. Thanks for sticking up for me.

OMIGOD you’re just as much of a car crash as me. We’re going to be best friends forever. My parents hate me.

WE ARE NOT TALKING. 

As we pass by shirt wearing sentinels in yellow hi-vis jackets the proclaim across the student body

WE ARE NOT TALKING.

And I come out upon the school yard for the first time, it’s massive. Droves of students lining up in rows while their keepers coral them and harry the stragglers. 

I interrupt Ty’s epic tale of family drama, expertly delivered without moving their mouth.

Ty what do you know about Ms. Grigore?

Ty takes a deep breath, like she’s literally getting a run up. I brace for her report but it’s a moment too late. Whistles are screeching around us. The time for true silence is come. 

Tutors march up and down the lines barking names. They take the registers and then we wait. It’s an odd, peaceful moment. I notice a flash of black and white, another magpie. One for sorrow. What?

I didn’t say anything.

I’m thinking, that’s not right, it’s counting crows right? Not counting magpies. 

I feel my skin crawl before I even register the sound that causes it. That is not human. Is it an animal? Like a fox being turned inside out. Every head spins to the source. I can’t see over the tops of the big boys. Then it comes again, like two animals now. And a few people just sprint, just start running, and a few more, tipping into a stampede.

Yellow jackets shouting, slow and steady, whistles blowing, the stampede being reigned in. Some order restored. And the movement has opened up a gap in the crowd, I can see at the centre of a clearing, two girls fitting, fully fitting on the ground.

Ty grips my arm tightly. Speechless.

When the girls scream, their whole heads tip back. Their bodies move in ways that bodies should not be able to move. They contain so much tension they look like they’re about to snap themselves into a pile of fragile parts. 

The management move in around them. Principals and vice-principals jogging across the yard. A group of sports teachers move in, locking their writhing bodies into place. There is blood. They’ve both bitten their own tongues. 

The a voice comes. The taller girl. Louder than you’d think possible for a girl her build. 

Devils! Witches! Help! They’re hurting us! They’re hurting us! Witches! They’re attacking us! They’re choking us! Can’t breathe. Can’t…

Then she descends into a choking fit. 

And the other one takes up the theme, launching herself to her feet, shrugging off three strong men and shooting her arm towards us, towards me and Ty and screaming like a harpy.

Witches! They’re cursing us! They’re hurting us! Help! Please, stop them! Please! I can’t breathe!

And every face in the school yard is turned on us like a searchlight. Ty feints in my arms and it’s all I can do not to join them. 

I’m sitting in bed, wrapped in blankets, watching the ghost of my mother dance on the wall. It’s late. I can see a handful of stars over London through the open window of my attic room. Most of my tech is gone, but I managed to find an old laptop and a projector. I’ve been watching this play-list for hours.

A creak. Two bleary eyed heads appear at the edge of the bedroom door. I say nothing. Adri runs and dives into the bed with me. Gabi follows. They wrap themselves up around me, and the three of us watch Amanda Loveless on the wall, her greatest hits. Clips from another time.

It’s mom and me on Christmas day in our Brooklyn apartment. I must be ten. The twins are four, happily wading through a swamp of new toys and torn wrapping paper. Dad must be holding the camera. Mom and I sitting on the couch deep in conversation, covered in technology. She’s teaching me how to set up my new drone project kit. 

I can only watch these videos with the sound off. As if her voice would be the thing that finally sent me over the edge. Thirteen months and twelve days. Where are you mommy?

Adri twirls her hair thoughtfully. 

‘What was you first day like’?

I pause for a moment.

‘C’mon Adri we talked about it at dinner.’

Adri climbs up on my lap and looks me right in the eye.

‘Yeah but what was it really like?’

She takes a long time over the ‘really’. I can feel Gabi stroking my head like an over-sized cat. 

‘Things got pretty rough.’

And then it all comes out. I’m talking for a long time. The twins just listen and cling onto me like I’m a life-raft. The protest at the gates. The possibly unwise choice of new best friend. The awkward moment with the mean girl. And the accusations in the school yard.

‘We shouldn’t have come here.’ Gabi whispers.

‘Hey, listen. We’re going to work this out. I’m going to go back to school and keep my head down. Everybody is going to forget about me.’

‘But those girls accused you of witchcraft Ursula!’

‘Yeah but the school, nobody is taking that seriously, those girls are crazy, everyone knows that. The school apologised like they were practically begging Grandma not to take me out of school.’

‘Why did they accuse you?’ Gabi asks.

I think of my little freak out moment in the assembly. The things I didn’t mention. My edited version of the truth. Ty’s voice. You’ve got lights on you. Ms. Grigore, a real cyberwitch, actually working at my school. 

‘I don’t know Gabi. I think. I think maybe I’m sick. I had an attack or something. In the assembly. In front of everybody. I said some strange things.’

‘What did you say?’

‘It was like something spoke through me. I think it was like…TK’

‘Strange. Reminds me of something mom used to say.’

Adri chimes in, a note of panic in her voice.

‘You gotta tell grandma, you can’t go back to school.’

I put as much calm and strength into my voice as possible.
‘Hey, we’re all gonna be OK. I’m going to school hermanita. Listen, I had a rough first day, but no harm done. We have to get a routine. You guys you’ll be happier when you get back to school too.’

And while I’m saying it I’m thinking the opposite. Could I just lay it on Grandma? But I’m thinking, she’d keep me off school. And there are people at school who know about mom. 

And then I pull the girls up around me like a couple of rag-dolls, inhaling the scent of their hair. Smells like mom. And I know I’m going back to school, because I’m going to find out everything that Ms. Grigore knows about mom. 

I don’t care if Ms. Grigore is dangerous. I have to find mom. She’s the only person on earth who can fix all of this. Protect the twins. Protect me. Take us all home. 

And with that resolve, my body gives in to exhaustion, and all three of us fall asleep in a pile, under the smiling ghost of our mother.

Ty is gone. And nobody else in the building wants to acknowledge my existence. It’s early, before first lesson. The doors to the stairs are locked. I sit with a book waiting for someone to open them. I’ve seen other people do this. Slip through the doors when a teacher comes through. I have to get up there and speak to Ms. Grigore before she starts work.
The hunter from the assembly is back. I’ve seen her up on the elevated walkway with the principal. They went into the offices together. But so far everything is calm. The accusers are not here in the Soul Space. Right now it feels like everybody is just trying to be invisible. 
The doors swing open, a teacher comes through at speed, holding too my things and jangling keys. I hurry toward him, head down.
‘Where do you think you’re going?’
‘Oh er, I need to get to my locker, sir.’
I brace myself, but he’s grunted his assent and is already gone. I slip through the door and run up the stairs. I’m highly visible up here on the raised walkway. Nothing for it but to walk as fast as possible, hope I never find myself looking at the CCTV footage. There are cameras everywhere. 
Ms. Grigore’s room is dark. I try the doors. Locked. I’m starting to panic. I’m banging on the doors of a locked computer lab, an accused witch, up on this balcony like I’m on stage at a rock concert. I’ve got to get out of sight.
I look to my right. The principal emerges from her offices, deep in conversation with the witch hunter. I turn left and half walk, half run to the double doors leading to the downward stairwell. And I walk right into a body in a dress. 
‘Good lord!’
It’s Mrs G, my house manager.
‘It’s a good job I bumped into you my lovely.’
She takes me by the arm and steers me down the stairs, away from the hunter. She can probably feel the tension in me. I’m like a cornered cat. So she says.
‘It’s OK Ursula, I’ll look after you. Come and have a chat in my office.’
Relief floods my chest. 

###

‘I gotta talk to Ms. Grigore.’
‘I’m sure she’ll be here later. There’s no rush. Are you joining code club?’
‘Um, yeah kinda I guess.’
‘You had a rough first day my love.’
I’m silent. Too spaced out to even cry about it. 
‘It’s all so strange. None of this is happening back home. Like I didn’t think it could you know. I thought things like this were ancient history.’
‘The witch hunt? Yes, we still can’t believe it.’
‘So why can’t you stop it?’
‘London is a democracy Ursula. If the majority believes in witches then the majority rules.’
‘What happened to those girls yesterday?’
‘We’ve kept them off school for a little while. We’re working with their families. Don’t you worry about them.’
Mrs. G sips her tea and looks at me for a long time. I look right back at her. She takes a deep breath.
‘Someone made a report to the Witch Hunters yesterday.’
I go cold.
‘You were named. Someone accused you of having illegal implants. Lights under your skin.’
She has her hand on my upper arm. I can feel myself trembling under her touch. I’m holding on to her kind eyes like a life preserver. 
‘The school wanted to handle it, TK has been arguing all night on the phone. But I’m afraid we had to agree to a visit from the chief of the Restricted Technologies Agency, a woman called Marketta.’
The RTA. The hunters. I’ve heard this name before, whispered, and another name for her too - the Witch Finder General. 
‘You’ll get through this. Listen to me. This is just a blip. You’ve got a great future here Ursula.’
‘They want me to talk to her right?’
‘She just wants to ask you a few questions. You’re not the only one, those silly girls making accusations, they’ve brought it all on us.’
‘I’m scared.’
‘You’ll have to get through the morning as normal. Someone will come and pick you up in third period. Ursula if there is anything you want to tell me, now is the time.’
I’m digging my nails hard into the skin of my left wrist. My jaw is so tight I’m amazed the words come out. 
‘I’m not augmented.’
And I’m repeating it in my head, because it’s true and surely it’s enough to make this nightmare go away. I’m not a witch. So why fear a witch hunter? And that’s what I’ll say. Because it is true. Even if it isn’t everything.
‘You can come back here anytime you need to.’ 
She hands me a piece of laminated card. It’s an exit pass. 
‘Thanks.’
I leave the sanctuary of her space like a dead man walking.
I don’t know how I manage to act as if I’m even in the room for the lessons that follow. But I do. And then a woman comes to take me away…
I don't know how long I stayed in that windowless coffin, shivering like a fool. But eventually I picked up the heart to leave the room. I was creeping. CI;, m creeping around the corridors of this are of the school, where the management offices are, up in the staff mezzanine. Nobody is around. It's like a ghost town. And My body is beginning to do strange things again. And that voice again. It is rambling and stuttering and dribbling on glitching away like a rain maker toy, a hiss of static and noise, some human words and strings of numbers and it isn't my voice exactly but it's not not my voice. And I look down at my arms. The lkights again. I pull my school jumper down over my wrists as far as possib;le. I'm walking, and it's like you walk after you've just finsihed a cross country run. I'm not exactly staggering but not moving in a straight line either. I find my way back to the upper walkways. And I'm hardly awtre of whjere I'm going. The panicking animal in me is looking to get back to Mrs G's office as quickly as possible. It's still lesson time. not many bodies in the soul space. But the one's that are, mostly look at me. There is a weird pregnant atmosphere in the building. Everybody is waiting for something to happen. The lessons are unusually quiet. As I walkj past classroom doors, teachers are teaching, students are working, but quiter than nor,mal. Everybody is keeping their head down. And up ahead I see a girl moving towards me. We're about to cross paths. And I suddenly see who she is. It's TK. Her gleaming cyberleg flases in the brief moment of glorious sun pouring through the plastic roof top of the bubble we call school. She has a fave lkike she doesn't want to talk to me and yet she wants me to know that she's not remotely afraid of me. As if anyone had ever been afraid of me. It's odd. Things have changed so much. The very idea that anyone would be and then we're face to face and I relise I have stopped her. I've moved inot her path. And I'm saying 'hey' And I feel really sorry for her all of a suddent. thinkjng what it must be like to have a chrome leg in the middle of all this fear, all this hatred of augmented girls. And here I am some foddam snob from manhattan judging her. And I really need her to know that I'm not an asshole. And it's pouring out of me this blubbering torrent of an apology. Look I'm real sorry, I know I came off as an asshole. And she softens her face just a little. Still firm around the lips, not totally trusting just yet. I was hoping you would apologise actually. Oh yeah? yeah cause I thought maybe we could talk. I found out about your mum and well, i lost my mum too. In the crash. When I lost my leg. And I want to hug her but she's still kinda British and stiff right now and I'm concerned I might fall over. Then the voice comes out. Not because your dirty. What? Not because you're clean? Oh right. Oh is it. Oh is it. And she's smiling, it's a cruel smile. I'm not! But I'm not in control. Not because your dirty. Just keeps coming out. My mother says. And no she's looking at me with impotent rage. Can't do anything so visible and she knows she can't stay out of class for long before the teachers notice but she wants to hurt me real bad now. Please, I'm sick. Don't listen. It's kind like tourettes. Bullshit. She hisses. I've been talking. I've got another fireind online from America. Yeah and we all thought you were gonna be so cool cause you're from New York, but she says you're probbably just a little rich girl. And yeah maybe that is true but I'm literally hanging on to the rail now, and my leg is shuddering and it's all i canm do to stand up. And she thinks, I can see it read in her face, she thinks I'm taking the piss out of her leg. You're bloody rich girl mum probably fucked off with her ypgay teacher to suck dick in miami or something. At least my mum had the decency to die. You little freak! And she goes to storm off, tears inb her eyes, but I'm fee;ling something weake in side of me, like a door left open, my will slipping away, and something steps in through the door, something like a nasty sprite. Something in me is thinking, why let her get away woith talking about your mom like that. Come back here you little slut. And I can see, sparkling static, fireworks in my fioeld of vision, hot rage in my veins, then some other network of veins, turning black under my skinb, flowering under the epidermis, and something goes out from me and into her, into her leg, like I can feel it from the inside, and then i can hear the thoughts, hear what the computer insoide her lieg is thinking, itsa firmarew laid out before me like a peom in an Englius class, and somehow I kow, if I say a certain sequence of words, it will dance for me. And then it comes out of my throat. The panic in her eyes as she spins back to face me, flung AROUND by her own leg. Her consternation and she tries to re-asseret control woith the patch in her skull, and then her leg crouches righ down into a dep squat, dragging her good leg out in front of her limply and she screams in animal fear, and I'm saying, deep and loud like my whole body is an amplifier, TKTKTK anfd then her leg fires, catapulting her whole body over the edge of the balcony. It'sa so fast. She's just gone. And I'm left blinking. Wondering if it has even realy happened. The long seconds sretch out, no response. Then the wailing, it comes quietly at first, then it grows. And I grip onto the edge of the railing and peer over the edge. She's spreadeag;led, limbs facing in directions they shouldn'y blooding seeping out from her head, but she's not unconcious, she's wailing in pain. And she's surrounded by adults now. And some other yellow jaclkets are holding back the gathering crowrd of students comes to see. And I'm running. Don't know where the strength came from. But I'm running as fast as I can toward yhe door. And the door is lokced. But the elctric lock just srpings open as I pass, flicking it's lghts from red to green and I sprint down the stairs, five at a time and then I'm outside, running for the main gate, it too pops open for me, no time to wonder why, and I'm just running, running running.
Nobody is following me. Nobody is following me? I break my run into a fast walk. I want to vomit. Just want to crouch down in the gutter and keep throwing up until my whole body is empty.The ringing in my ears is like an alarm bell. Thoughts are just a slide show of horror. Focus. Breathe. I actually punch myself in the diaphragm.
I vaguely register the new weirdness in the car park as I pass a flat bed truck piled high with wood. Then a horse and cart, like something out of a Sherlock Holmes movie. Except it’s white. The red dragons of the witch hunt painted on the sides. The driver tends to the horse. Teams of men are carrying the wood towards the sports field. They’re building some kind of tower. 
As I half walk, half run toward the school gate, I’m pulling civilian clothes out of my school bag. I pull on a hooded top and draw the hood up high. Then I take it down, figuring who looks more like a truant than the kid with a hood up?
And I realise I’m walking straight towards the back of the protestor, the man who grabbed my hair the previous day. He’s blocking the exit.
 I don’t have time for this. He has his back to me. I move up behind him, he has all his weight in one leg, leaning against a fence post, still holding that dumb bag. I stamp hard on the back of his knee using all my body weight. 
He goes down like sack of potatoes.
I sprint right out into the road, horns blaring, cars swerving. The protestors shout, but they don’t follow me. I run up the grassy bank and push through the thorny bushes desperately, and I stumble into a wire fence. Then I’m climbing, scratching my chest and belly as I fall over the top and down into Richmond Park.
The Park is massive, almost like I’ve left London entirely and it’s wild, totally overgrown. After a long wet summer the growth is crazy, and abundance of greens almost to the horizon, edged with the dark greys of cityscapes beyond. 
The air throngs with flies. What were once neatly cropped fields are now head height with grasses and wild flowers, and huge swathes of a strange plant that twines itself around the grasses, studded with drooping, dying white flowers.
I can see a little wood. I don;t even have the words to describe all this nature. Hardly ever left New York before. After the city states broke up with their nation’s, city folks didn’t often risk crossing the borders. 
The business of escape is calming me somehow. Blocking out the horrific images, the sense of being possessed by something evil, they fade away as I immerse myself in the grasses, thinking the way my ancient ancestors must have once thought about moving through the wild without being seen. How to step as lightly as possible, leave the least amount of trail.
I’m moving towards the woods, If I can get there, I think I can lose them, when they come for me, which they will, won’t they? Was it even real? Why did the hunters in the car park just ignore me?
Then the sirens. Then the thundering of helicopter blades. Dogs barking. Then the whining of UAVs. Drones. I know enough to know that hunters don’t use tech. This is regular police.

###

I make it into the woods, and to my surprise there is a little gate, drowning in thorny bushes, heavy with blackberries. And there is a sign. ‘The Arabella Plantation’. 

Once upon a time, this must have been a beautiful spot to come for a Sunday stroll. Now it’s utterly wild. It’s full of creeping life, and it’s dark interior and thick canopy offer my best hope at getting under cover.

I find a spot where I can use a low hanging branch to swing over the fence and into the plantation. The pathways have been swallowed up mostly. It’s so beautiful and weird I almost forget the danger. I’m exhausted. My body is dumping sleep chemicals into my blood stream, insulating me against the mental shock. I have a deep need to ball up and sleep.

So I climb into this tree and find a place to curl up and black out. 

###

Then I hear a twig snap. I’m still in the tree, looking outward through a thick bundle of branches. Must be late, as the last of the daylight is seeping away. I’m really, really cold. And I see a figure, a couple of hundred yards away. I freeze. I’m concentrating all my effort on breathing silently. Trying not to shiver.

This person, I can only see the eyes, is wrapped entirely in black, black hood up, black face mask over the mouth and nose, moving like they’ve been trained. She turns in my direction and in the gathering twilight I see one green eye and one brown, piercing, scanning the gloom. Some type of cop? Maybe this is how the hunters hunt? Take off the white and red?

But they’re heading in the wrong direction. And just when their back is turned, I edge myself out of the tree I’m in as slowly and silently as possible. And I literally crawl through the undergrowth in the opposite direction. I’m under thick bushes and I keep going this way for about fifteen minutes moving slow to be quiet. Back of my hands and legs getting ripped to shreds by thorns. 

Then I see a small clearing, surrounded by all kinds of trees, like something out of a fairy tale. There’s a deep pool, covered in lilly’s and algae. It stinks. And there’s another weed of some kind, filling the whole scene, weird little purple flowers, and buzzing, thick with buzzing, swarming with flying bugs of all kinds, and then I see her, across the pond, like a buddha almost, a statue of a woman.

I’m mesmerised. I can’t help but approach. Again the sense of not being in control. I’m hearing voices again.

‘Remember me?’

‘Should I?’

Hope I’m not saying this out loud. Not sure. 
The statue is huge, maybe fifteen feet high, looks real old, worn green stone covered in moss and lichen. It’s a woman. Vast stone breasts hang down over a swollen belly and  her face, it’s almost totally disfigured the upper half like a swarm of bees has been carved into it. 

And around the base, broken tech, old phones, all kinds of bizarre trash and an explosion of feathers where it looks like a fox has recently slaughtered a peacock. The trees around the statue are full of sleeping green parrots. I think I must be dying.

‘You made me a promise.’

‘Yeah, I suppose you’re right.’

Then I notice I’m knee deep in the freezing water and I’m shivering. I’m going to freeze to death out here. 

You know what. I’m just a kid. I can’t handle this on my own. I’m innocent. I’m sick. I need help. I don’t know what’s happening to me. I need grown ups. I need a warm bed. I’m innocent. I’m shivering real hard now.

I hurt that girl. Is she dead?

‘Be there for me.’

‘How?’

Silence.

And when I hear the dogs coming, and the drones, I don’t run. 

I’m sitting at the kitchen table with grandma. The twins are in bed. She’s been spoiling me rotten. I’m wrapped up in the thickest bath robe I’ve ever seen sipping gourmet hot chocolate. And I feel like it’s my last night on Earth.
‘Grandma, I need to know everything you know about mom.’
I’m totally level, surprised by my own calm. But it’s all I can say, I can’t force her to tell me the truth. 
‘Every now and then, I see a look of James about you.’
I reach down to try and scratch my ankle, it’s wrapped in a high tech band, broadcasting my precise location to every police computer in the city. 
‘Grandma. Please.’
I know I’m not coming home tomorrow. Grandma already helped me pack. There’s going to be a trial. Grandma begged them to let me come home. Last night with family.
‘You’re coming home Ursula. You’re going to get though this. You’ve done nothing wrong.’
I wish I felt braver than this.
‘Mom could fix this.’ Tears brimming in my eyes.
I catch a cloud of anger pass across her face, before the calming mask returns. 
She takes a piece of paper and a pen, and while she talks to me she writes. Impressive. 
‘All I know about your mother is that she worked with augmented girls. She worked with vulnerable girls all over the world, but most often here in London.’
How did I not know this? Was I never listening? Did I ever even notice that she had a life outside of me?
‘She wanted to use augmented intelligence, implants in the brain, to help girls who grew up with trauma. She was part of a big trend in tech in that respect. She wasn’t the only one. But she was the biggest name in the field.’
And I think about all the projects we did together. Half did. Never finishing anything because she never had time. Always trying to write systems that could learn. Games in the beginning, then software for drones. I got my idea, to make a real fairy, and she fed that fantasy. Almost became an obsession.
‘Then everybody was talking about these two gangs. After the civil war, they half took over London. The Weavers and the Sirens. Working together.’
This is new. I never heard anything like this before. Maybe she thinks it’ll help, to know this in the trial.
‘People used to love them. Like the Krays. Like Robin Hood. The the children started getting sick. A lot of people blamed them, starting calling them witches. Blamed them for the kids getting sick.’
‘Do you believe that?’
‘A lot of people, used to have a good life, lost everything during the war, all those slums down by the river, they were middle class people not so long ago. The anger down there, it seeks a scape goat.’
‘So you don’t?’
‘All I’m saying is that a lot of people, looking for guidance, turned to this new religion, started worshipping the Weaver and the Siren. People get weird when they get into that kind of thing.’
‘I saw something out in the park, some kind of shrine.’
‘Yeah, that’ll be it. Secret shrines all over the place. So much of London is empty now. Easier to hide things.’
‘So mom was invlolved in tech, invlolved in implants, so they figured she was into this Weaver thing?’
‘That’s my best guess.’
‘So they took her away and what that’s it? Id she get a trial?’
‘We just don’t know.’
She passes me the note she’s written.
‘Your ankle is bugged. I can’t tell you everything. And it’s better you don’t know. Tell them everything. Don’t try to lie. The twins are relying on you now.’
Then she takes a candle and a frying pan and she burns the note by the open back door, wafting the smoke outwards with a magazine.
Tell them everything?
Yeah I will. I’ll tell them everything. They can’t touch the twins if I tell them everything. No reason to pick them up if they get everything they want from me. 
Who was my mother?
And I’m pushing down this thought that won’t leave me alone, this great big shadow of a thought that creeps out from under every effort I make to squash it…
If my body acts like it’s augmented, and everybody is accusing me of being augmented…
Occam’s Razer, mom used to say. 
The simplest explanation is usually correct.
Whatever is coming, I know I won’t sleep tonight.







